what's up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a great show lined up for
you guys today yeah Linux it's got
problems like no support for HDMI 2.1
but we know who to blame and it isn't
the open-source community and actually
it's not it's not AMD either in spite of
the fact that it's their Ron cards that
are having these problems they tried
hard actually we know who to
blame also
Nintendo sud Yuzu makers of the emulator
Yuzu this week we'll be checking a
little bit about that be checking sure
I'm rolling with it what else we got
today Lenovo launches repairable laptops
cool very cool yeah also research
reveals Vision Pros material cost and
some people are super mad and some
people are super happy and reactions are
all over the place cuz I think people
just really don't understand business
yeah no oh 100% yeah yeah they really
don't no no I don't even yet I think I
get it more than most reactions to it
it's all relative
yeah Einstein's theory of business
relativity are we where's the butt E
equals a lot of people are kind of dumb
[Music]
squared
the show is brought to you today by
manscaped The Ridge and symbolic
software before people lose their minds
oh my let's talk about the title of
today's video the HDMI Forum the
organization responsible for development
of the HDMI specification has rejected
amd's request to add HDMI 2.1 plus
support to its open-source Linux
graphics driver that's right folks for
the last 3 years gnu/linux users with
AMD gpus have not had support for 4K at
120 htz through HDMI 2.1 because the
HDMI Forum restricted public access to
its specifications in
2021 so only licensed manufacturers that
pay both Annual fees and
royalties are allowed to have access to
the newest
specifications now
AMD right clearly a licensed
manufacturer had their legal team and
Linux Engineers work for months to
devise a way to implement HDMI 2.1 plus
support in their open- Source driver
without exposing the now private specs
very honorable but The Forum still
denied amd's request to open source for
the open source driver support very
dishonorable
um really very annoying actually super
annoying can HDMI off already oh I wish
to be clear there are things that I like
about it there are things that are very
good about HDMI but I feel like they're
kind of resting on the most important
thing about HDMI which is its ubiquity
at this point rather than recog
extremely recognizable name rather than
making HDMI just better to use like
remember why we create standards for the
users no that's not why we do it at all
is it that can't be why we create
standards to unify the current existing
pool of too many standards we make one
more standard that's better than all the
rest of the standards and then if we
have the best standard we make money
yeah so uh there's a note from Jacob
here Intel's Arc A700 cards get around
this problem because Intel and some of
their aibs add a protocol converter chip
to the card to translate display port
signals from the GPU into HDMI 2.1
signals which is insane shouldn't be
necessary yeah it's crazy and you're
paying for that and you are paying for
that it adds it adds cost to the board
because okay this is an assumption I
would assume every HDMI output on that
board would have to have one of those as
opposed to even if there only had to be
one you're still paying for it would be
a higher complexity one that's for sure
yeah definitely definitely um the the
only thing that's frustrating about this
is that I often like HDMI just cuz I
find it
easier some display port plug like
they're actually really annoying to plug
unplug mostly but plug in as well kind
of a pain in the butt the the the clamp
connector thing doesn't really seem
great you can get ones that don't have
the lock on it they just kind of click
in and then if you pull them hard enough
they come out uh Dell's been shipping
those by default with their monitors for
quite a lot of years now okay um but my
biggest issue with display port is that
sometimes it's Auto hand shaking can be
a little shaky that too uh as you'll
you'll have a system that is
on you will plug you you'll go from HTMI
you'll unplug HTMI you'll plug in
display port and it'll be like
huh I don't even think it says huh it
just does nothing display stays black
you plug the HMI back in it works um and
you reboot the thing and the display
port works like it can just be a it can
have it can struggle a little sometimes
I find display port also has
significantly more issues with the like
monitor randomly goes black problem mhm
um which is super annoying very annoying
to diagnose
yep so our discussion question here are
why do you think the Forum made this
decision I mean I think we could kind of
come up with some good reasons for it
you know we could say well they want to
maintain consistency in that experience
and in order to do that you have to have
you have to have everyone who's
implementing the standard contributing
monetarily to the standard to ensure
that they can continue to develop the
standard I mean look look I'm I'm making
a devil's advocate argument and it's not
stupid one they are AMD licensed
manufacturer they are though they are a
licensed manufacturer sure but what they
are
effectively potentially opening up the
pathway
to is the potential for someone to
implement the standard by kind of
reverse engineering it from this open-
Source implementation yeah reverse
engineering is specifically the thing I
was going to Le that's the thing that
they're afraid of but then I'm sitting
here going
okay but then you know
AMD and Linux developers went and they
put a bunch of work they put a bunch of
time into keeping the proprietary
elements of the HDMI implementation
separate from the open- source part of
that
driver but then okay hold on a second
let's say you are you're Luke oh okay
big assumption yeah you um you're kind
of you know the Project Lead of like an
online video platform let's let's call
it for sake for the sake of argument
float plane it's I know it's stupid name
yeah weird name makes no sense yeah but
but let's let's yeah it doesn't matter
the point is we'll just we'll call it
that don't worry about it um someday
you'll have a budget for a marketing
department and they'll figure out a new
one I don't know about that probably
never yeah the point is that you're this
guy okay and someone comes to you and
they say hey um you're DRM okay for that
that prevents non-paying customers from
using your thing uh we found a way for
people to use your thing on this like
unsupported device by kind of um
integrating your DRM in a way that like
we've done that makes it so that you
know they can't reverse engineer your
DRM but but but you told us how it
worked and so we kind of we kind of put
it in there and the rest of it open
source but that's like really separate
um cool
right
maybe
maybe probably a lot of work for you to
go in and figure out if you did it right
yeah
and yeah so I understand the
perspective but I am not happy about it
and as generally someone who is
supportive of things working as well as
they can someone bought your product
yeah I was going to say I I don't the
comparison I think was was pretty good
but it wasn't perfect it wasn't perfect
especially because these people already
were able to use HDMI up until this
spec so it's it's it's more that it was
taken away kind of and so there's a new
purchase involved in this scenario I
think for me if if the if the HDMI
implementers Forum if the HDMI Forum
sorry I can't even remember all the
names of these forums um if the HDMI
Forum wanted to reach out to our inbox
and say okay look here was the problem
you know we had all of these devices
that had this like reverse engineered
HDMI
2.0 um and they weren't paying royalties
and it was turning out that the
implementation wasn't very good it
wasn't up to standard and we were
getting a lot of complaints like if they
can if you can provide me with some kind
of documentation that demonstrates that
this was necessary that it was necessary
to close this off because people weren't
paying their fair share and it was
somehow harming the development of the
standard and harming the user then you
know all right I I would at least be
willing to hear that argument but I'm
having a really hard time right now
knowing that HDMI is already one of the
most
expensive Port standards to implement in
fact I'm not aware of one that costs
more maybe maybe something from Apple
maybe maybe Apple's licensing for mag
safe or lightning would be higher than
HDMI I've heard lightning is pretty
rough legitimately not sure I don't know
exactly what they are for either of them
I know that hdmis is quite a burden on
device
manufacturers
um and I know that that is compared to
things like
USB um things like um category uh I
don't I don't know what to call it
whatever fits into an RJ45 Port all
right if I call it ethernet people get
mad because ethernet and you could run
over any physical I need I know but if I
say ethernet do you know what I'm
talking about okay uh the point is that
on on a PC or on a piece of Home Theater
equipment or something like that I can't
what toss link like I can't think of any
other interface that has the same kind
of um same kind of costs associated with
it so you're already charging a lot
you're already reaping enormous
enormous revenues from the
implementations of your standard so can
you just calm the down
no we must be chaos I don't want peace I
want
[Applause]
problems there's the whole vote with
your wallet question um but in in the
discussion questions it says in a tweet
about the forum's decision Wendell hi
Wendell Wendell's great uh from Level
One tech said to vote with your wallets
um how can consumers avoid supporting
the HDMI form when they are essentially
paying for HDMI license fees whenever
they buy a device that has an HDMI port
uh I would say that um they're probably
also paying for uh HDMI licensing fees
whenever you buy a cable you're you're
you're paying HDMI um not necessarily
may it I may it depends so we have
looked into cables okay while we haven't
looked into Port implementations we have
looked into cable implementations cuz as
you may or may not know in the
background we've been working on cables
yeah uh really good ones by the way and
the way that it typically works is as
long as you cuz the the connector is the
connector okay so as long as you have
good conductors in a good configuration
with good twists and good insulation and
shielding right a cable is just a cable
and nobody can tell you you can't make
that physical cable uh in the case of
this is not official documentation in
the case of HDMI and USBC I can tell you
that much but what they can say is you
may not put
HDMI ah yes on the box or whatever logos
and emblems and and you can make no
claims yeah so so these things are
trademarked right uh and I'm sure
Titan's going to jump in and and sort of
um clarify some of this if he's in float
plane chat right now but the point is
that you can pretty much make any pretty
much anyone can make a cable and they're
unlikely to get into any kind of trouble
unless they violate a trademark like USB
type-c super speed Ultra extra XL right
or you know whatever they're calling
crap these days
um but where was I going with this as
for as for as for how to get around the
as for how to get around supporting them
then no no there's pretty much nothing
that you can
do yeah
yeah if you if you do stop using it if
you stop buying HDMI
cables
um I think that will make a difference
genuinely because if device
manufacturers are like no one's using
HDMI right that's what I was saying uh
is no I don't think it will make a
difference because because no my
understanding is that the fees are for
the are on on the device side they're
not on the cable side necessarily no but
what I'm saying is if you if you stop
buying HTMI
cables manufacturers might stop
including how would they even know oh
I'm sure they know I'm I'm I'm Ben
Q how do I know that people are plugged
in Via display port to my monitor I
don't think I
do and on the and on the like home
theater side of things on the the
multimedia side of things it's not like
I have a choice I can't I can't use
display port on anything on any TV i'
I've not really understood this when
Nvidia launched their
bfgd initiative their big
display technology um or gaming display
that that's what it was short for they
they
yeah I don't make the rules uh but when
Nvidia launched that um I was like heck
yeah one of the things that I hope gains
momentum is dis Port mhm because
honestly everything that I would need
for a TV display port can do and it's
royaltyfree so let's go what are we
waiting
for but the inter the interco
compatibility and like like someone had
to get it started was kind of my mindset
was and if we start getting TVs that
have it if every TV just has one of
these ports on it well hey that's a
that's a starting point in time maybe we
start to get devices that have both
interfaces kind of like we've seen HDMI
make its way onto PCS it used to be that
PCS were just VGA and then VGA and DVI
and then just DVI for the most part
although you'd use VGA for your legacy
monitors or you'd use the analog pins on
the DVI connector for that and then all
of a sudden HDMI showed up and the
question at the time especially was why
um it was smaller so that
was a dubious benefit but the HDMI
standard we were using I guess it would
have been 1 Point one one 1.2 whatever
whatever it was at the time that it
started becoming more ubiquitous on PC
monitors um was Bend with equivalent to
DVI um so there there was no compelling
reason other than I guess you like
spending a little bit more on your
monitor like I just didn't really get it
and then uh it was part of the big push
towards home theater PC so I guess
that's ultimately the reason why we
started to see it more but then it's
just become this given that HDMI on
graphics cards and now all of a sudden
okay now it kind kind of is on most
monitors and it's just kind of
snowballed from there and I just I
wanted to see something similar to that
happen in the home theater space with
display port and just hasn't
happened at all
yeah yeah I do think Market survey stuff
would exist I do think stores uh would
they would be reporting somewhere that
these companies that are making
decisions on compatibility would be able
to have that information for the fact
that uh not the fact that but in this
theoretical scenario uh where display
port is outselling HDMI by a significant
degree um and then adjustments would be
made but I don't think there's anything
that's a lot to ask from the market and
it will not happen it's not happening
yes it's not happening yeah um someone
in twitch chat pointed out that uh HDMI
did have the benefit of carrying audio
while DVI did not that is true I don't
think it was a huge meaningful benefit
for PCs at the time but that is a really
good point and um then we've got the the
The Conspiracy Theory reason that popped
up in float plane chat that is probably
the real reason and HDMI supported
htcp so there was enormous industry
pressure to make HDMI a standard
um because hdcp has prevented content
ripping
absolutely please continue to think
this
you
know okay real talk though there is
something to be said for
the the the the hassle of it being more
difficult like finding an hdcp stripper
is kind of a pain in the butt because
nobody advertises that functionality
because the second they do this
well-funded
group because of all the royalties they
collect goes after them and makes sure
that it you know goes away and so for
the average person you know like if
we're talking uh like my my little
brother or something like that if he
could just as easily pirate some piece
of content okay let's think back to the
R4 for the Nintendo DS okay it was brain
dead simple to Pirate games for that
platform and pretty much everyone I knew
did it they had an R4 cartridge you put
a Micro SD in it and then you just
downloaded ROMs and it was like way
better it was way better than the paid
experience because you just had an
entire you know personal Netflix library
of games to play and it you just
selected what you wanted and booted it
up it was actually better than carrying
around a bunch of carts which felt
stupid it's interesting that you went to
Netflix over like steam I know but don't
worry about it the point is that when
piracy is really easy I think it still
is though cuz you're you're talking
about ripping so you're talking about
the work that would have to be done in
order to Pirate the thing I think most
people people if they're going to uh
engage in the piracy they're just going
to download it sure so it's it's hurting
like the light hobby or the tinkerers
that would like to do it themselves and
you're actually hurting probably the
people that are trying to do it in a
more uh what I think most people would
see as a u maybe it's not okay with the
law but this is pretty much okay sense
where they buy the thing and then rip it
for themselves I think that's a very
hypothetical person I don't think too
many people are doing that saying though
but I think that's the only people that
are basically being affected sure cuz I
don't know how many people are like oh I
desire to Pirate so I'm going to buy
this thing and then give it to other
people
well there's a there's a surprising
number of I guess I'll say like selfless
Pirates like there's a lot of Robin
hoods out there yeah who will go and buy
a Blu-Ray so that they can rip it and
they can upload it to you know a private
tracker or something like that I don't
think there's that many though I mean
there's enough yes there's enough
there's definitely enough there's more
than enough yes and you know but I think
it's a like dozens of us there are
dozens of us situation and back to my
point though about how the barrier to
entry is measurable I mean even getting
a membership to a private tracker which
I have done it's kind of a hassle yeah
it's a barrier and if you're downloading
if you're downloading off like okay I'm
GNA use a super outdated uh reference
but for a good reason if you're
downloading movies from The Pirate Bay
yeah especially with all of
the interesting things that have
happened with The Pirate Bay name and
the Pirate Bay domains over the years
yeah don't do that right
now that there's there's inherent risk
and even if you got a copy of a movie
from it say for example it's probably
not going to be that great quality so
what I'm trying to say is that right now
for my little brother for the Nintendo
DS I'd be like I don't know get an R4
and download games right if he was
asking me how to how to Pirate games and
for something like movies I would
say I don't feel like coaching you on
how to do this safely go buy a movie
subscribe to Netflix get a Blu-ray and
so and so there is I think that among
the hyper Tey audience yourself included
my argument doesn't make any
sense but if you put yourself in the
shoes of someone who is not techsavvy
who asked you for advice if they ask you
okay how do I pirate movies what would
you say it's kind of a mess these days
that is an answer I've given relatively
recently I don't feel like setting it up
for you yeah pretty
[Laughter]
much so when people go by the Blu-rays
when people say htcp doesn't work anyway
they're right it doesn't prevent anyone
from from ripping the content and
hosting it on file sharing sites and a
layer of Swiss cheese but it is
absolutely a friction Point um and is it
a friction point that creates an
enormous amount of collateral damage
that personally I'm not really okay with
yeah but do I understand why they're
doing it and why they continue to do it
yeah it's Al it's not it's not just it's
not Moon logic
it's not like they're just dumb people
doing dumb things and I think that
sometimes if we allow ourselves to just
think everyone is dumb but me we miss
the bigger picture and the bigger
picture is that it is effective it's not
100% effective but it is something it's
it definitely is to a certain degree
yeah with all of that said off and
let AMD Implement HDMI 2.1 on Linux
because Linux shouldn't have a
disadvantage
because of your DRM yeah so that's what
the whole thing boils down to for me
yeah what do you want to talk about next
um let's just maybe keep hammering
through the headliner topics and what
the Vision Pro material cost let's do it
research firm omita has released an
estimate for the bill of materials yeah
don't wor about it Bia I mean yeah I
mean that is correct stupid name but um
probably better than flow plane I
like definitely better float plan relas
research firm float plane the is
that what is that name
yeah as for the bill of materials for
Apple Vision Pro uh placing the cost of
its various materials and components at
$542 notably this does not include costs
associated with Market uh marketing wow
I can speak uh packaging or research and
development which is going to be very
substantial to be clear this is
something that people forget about but
constantly I don't know why uh meaning
that it is not possible to determine
Apple's per unit profit margin with the
information listed and it never is
unless you happen to work at Apple and
know the exact profit margin even then
it's kind of hard and it's technically a
little bit of a guess yeah uh the
biggest single contributor to the bomb
is or the bill materials is the micro
OLED internal displays which are awesome
so it makes sense adding that in there
uh which cost 200
$128 per eye I wonder how that compares
to the price of gold cuz I bet they
don't weigh much yeah yeah crazy the
combined costs for all of the vision
proos displays make up around
35% of its build materials for context
the psvr 2's OLED panel is 30% of its
bomb and the quest 2's LCD panel is only
18% of its bomb Apple has declined to
discuss the exact breakdown Behind The
Vision Pro price but they have
emphasized the cost of R&D and claim
that 5,000 different patents were used
in its
design the main display is
$456
alone wow that's that's a lot yeah it's
a really wicked display so it makes
sense yeah but but A good rule of thumb
is that whatever the bill of materials
cost is your probably looking at about
double at least by the time it makes it
to retail because you've got to account
for I mean even even aside from the
things that Luke already listed you know
there's uh there's there's there's
middleman even if that middleman is your
own middleman so let's say apple Apple's
middleman is an Apple Store yeah does it
pay rent I mean if it wants to keep that
nice location in the mall it sure does
if it wants to keep them employed it
sure does does it have to deal with
shrink does it have to deal with
cleaning expense so just because a
middleman also has the name Apple
doesn't necessarily mean that it doesn't
add cost that that it doesn't eat your
margin are there any failures in
manufacturing at all oh yeah I mean
that's uh certainly that's something
that may be factored into these bill of
material costs though because if the
cost of a of a Sony semiconductor micro
OLED display is
$228
that's probably once the failed ones
have been yielded out I didn't know this
how however that doesn't necessarily
mean yeah so generally your bill of
materials is the cost of good ones okay
however that doesn't mean that none of
those good ones are broken in assembly
right they could still get returned they
could whatever else that can happen I
feel like that's not as common these
days but that yeah with the amount of
automation that they have in product
manufacturing these days yeah it would
be less common but it wouldn't be
unheard of for something to go wrong on
the assembly line and for some of these
to ultimately not pass Speck now in many
cases you can push that back on the
manufacturer you can go hey Sony here's
your pallet of crappy displays that
didn't make the cut when we were
assembling them and if you're Apple you
probably have the like penis to swing
around to go uh by the way here's a bill
for us to take them apart and ship them
back to you yeah maybe maybe not we
don't know but um that's absolutely
something that can happen and it and it
someone has to do that and I think
that's something a lot of people kind of
take for granted is
every thing someone has to like move it
every single time it moves someone has
to look at it every single time
something changes about it to make sure
that everything's going well and in some
cases it is a machine doing that well
guess what somebody has to build that
machine somebody has to maintain it
there's costs everywhere sorry yeah but
there some some of these things are are
like I know the screen is the main
display is 456 bucks but like man
nothing was really cheaped out on
structural member just the middle frame
and stuff $120 that doesn't even
surprise me that much like it's metal
it's metal yeah and it's the the kind of
CNC that you are to fre it's just like I
I understand that but then you see it on
paper and it's like yeah you know this
was debated heavily and they decided
yeah let's go with this expensive
$120 at their cost metal frame uh Kumo
star in floatplane chat says my glass
lenses actually shatter at a rate of 40%
of the time when they thin them wow yeah
poor product yields are absolutely
something that is built into the cost of
Premium or Niche or just or difficult to
manufacture products um a perfect
example of that is why much much larger
TVs are so much more expensive than
smaller ones you could have a TV that is
twice the size as another TV but it'll
be four times the cost trying to get
that
panel all of it perfect with nothing
wrong with it is way more difficult than
cutting around a bad section and making
two smaller ones it's just it's so much
harder it's requires bigger Machinery to
manipulate it around as you're working
on it it's just everything is bigger and
everything's more challenging and
someone has to develop the processes for
this by the way I to iCal twitch uh back
to our last topic sorry Linus you're
defending the bad guys here did did any
part of any of that sound like a defense
come on people what the HDMI Forum thing
to win where I was talking about hdcp
being
effective I didn't say they're good guys
I just said that what they're doing is
working yeah yeah I said they're not as
stupid as you might think they are
discussion question is does this kind of
cost breakdown make sense for the Vision
Pro um what it is and what it can do the
$3500 price tag is it really all that
shocking giving its component parts
that's the thing is I I talked about
this in my unboxing I said guys it's
expensive yes is it overpriced no no if
anything I'm looking at this bomb cost
you should buy it either just to be
super clear not even a little our review
is coming very soon in fact I think it's
coming out tomorrow nice but looking at
this bomb cost the ret until price
totally makes sense so price is not
higher it's actually I think unar
uncharacteristically low for Apple I
think it's pretty aggressive yeah um and
I know that's going to sound pretty
crazy to some people there's a lot of
people who just really hate apple and
anything that they do is bad because
it's Apple who did it but do you imagine
for a second that uh you know let's say
Microsoft is making less margin on
Azure like what how how do you think you
if you if you look look at look at
nvidia's h100s right now apple is a
publicly traded company you can get a
rough idea of what their profit margins
are anytime you want yeah and then you
can compare it to companies like Oracle
okay or
Nvidia it's like they're they're not
that far out there and so yeah is the
Vision Pro a really expensive product
sure yeah of course it
is but like I don't know you have any
Nice Kicks do you have any idea how much
fuing money they made on those like come
on yeah yeah clothing is like
historically pretty notorious for this
um yeah a little bit Yeah and and to be
clear clothing has very real costs you
know back to my point this happens to be
clothing that we're going to talk about
a little bit later on the show new
clothing or you want to package it in a
way that isn't bad for the planet that's
going to cost more that'll cost you do
you want to ship it at all cuz even
though even though this paper might cost
exactly the same as some plastic it
doesn't it cost more but it could cost
exactly the same you still have to pay
for someone to go and Source it because
this particular Factory only had plastic
packaging on hand now they have to store
that paper that's just for special
snowflake us and then they have to have
a workflow for you know changing the
production line so that instead of
plastic at the end it has paper at the
end whenever they're working on stuff
for us like is the failure rate the same
everything adds up adds up adds up adds
up
and so yeah I said I said it already but
I'll say it again um it's not overpriced
yeah it's expensive yes there are
elements of it that are overpriced the
fact that Apple charges so much for a
storage upgrade on something that you
are already paying them to be a beta
tester for yeah is egregious to
me but the device itself the base model
device itself no it's not overpriced and
given the R&D and all the other stuff
involved with it if Apple you would
complain if Apple didn't pay the
engineers who developed it yeah that
would be a huge Scandal that would be a
huge Scandal or if you worked them too
hard or too long because you trying to
save money whatever or whatever so then
when Apple kind of goes yeah turns out
R&D costs money so we're going to have
to we're going to have to charge money
for our products you can't complain then
you can't you don't get to have it both
ways I had a conversation with someone
recently uh where we had a discussion
about how your your employment to a
certain degree if you if you are making
things um and I've had this discussion
with a few people a number of times but
there was just one that was very recent
but if you're if you if you make things
your employment is essentially selling
your own company the things that you
make so you can kind of boil it down to
like okay I made widget X it took me two
months the cost of the company for
widget X was my cost which is my salary
plus my you know benefit and whatever um
government fee things there are on top
of that the amount of hours is to take
that thing and make more money off and
make more money off of it and if they
don't then then I guess you weren't a
very good salesman yeah
um and you go bye-bye yeah pretty much
and or reassigned or whatever else and
you can be unhappy about it um you know
it's one of those things where I'm not
going to say hm you complain about
capitalism and
you participate in it engage in
this but that's that's how the wheel
currently turns For Better or For Worse
how it's currently working
yeah train.
wve yep see that's the thing um we can't
it turns out have a film studio in a
residential neighborhood we tried that
zoning uh you get kicked out yeah
unfortunately it's a whole thing it was
nice while we were there and the vast
majority of the industrial land in the
Vancouver area is next to train tracks
where you know people don't want to live
uh so we just have to deal with that
it's pretty cool it is what it is yeah
yeah uh what do you want to talk about
next uh Dan what's our what's our next
topic um I don't know you got 11 minutes
until merch messages uh no we have to
hurry a little bit because James is
doing a thing later let mer and we need
to clear out of this set wait what
should we talk about the thing they're
doing guess what guess what guess what's
coming
back oh
iorry no not
that don't say the name that's the wrong
name carpo critics stop he's going to be
so mad we should we should actually not
do that they're just movies is shooting
a special a special temporary return uh
for Dune Dune part two that makes sense
that's cool so they're coming they're
coming back they're coming back to the
mics that that's that's like kind of a
weird idea for a podcast but would kind
of be cool which is like an episode gets
filmed if an episode deserves to get
filmed and that's it yeah and if it
doesn't it doesn't and if if all three
if all three hosts aren't like I need to
see this movie I need to see it on
launch day I want if I don't talk about
it I'm going to explore
then it just doesn't get an episode it's
a pretty cool concept I kind of like it
to be honest cuz like if an episode
comes out that means it's time to watch
you know yeah yeah I'm I'm down with it
they're occasionally
movies I'd watch that when it they
mostly just movies and this podcast is
not about those
ones sometimes
movies all right merch messages now I'm
supposed to explain about merch messages
the way to interact with the show you
guys have been watching it all show so
far is to send a merch message don't do
a twitch bit whatever that is or a super
chat you want to send a merch message
that way you can throw money at your
screen and get great quality merchandise
in the mail in return all you got to do
is head to LTT store.com we got a couple
new things to show you guys today in the
cart you will see the field for a merch
message whenever we're live you fill it
out it goes to producer Dan there he is
too late oh no he's got it this time oh
oh well anyway the point is it goes to
producer Dan who will either forward it
to the appropriate party respond himself
throw your little shout outs at the
bottom of the screen or curate your
message for me and Luke to respond to
later uh we've got a couple of we're
going to do a couple merch messages to
kind of show you guys how it works we
try to get to as many of them as we can
but if we don't then hey at least you
get your order in the mail instead of
just throwing money at the screen which
you can also do but which you can do you
might as well just get an order of the I
mean we've got we've got super chats
enabled if you just want to throw money
at the screen and then give YouTube a 30
or 40% cut or whatever whatever then by
all means I I will I will take my my
pittance that YouTube reserves for me
out of that money and uh I I will I will
certainly accept it but I would rather I
would rather give Google share to you
know our fine Creator Warehouse team or
to our to our wonderful suppliers or our
or our t-shirt printer who I I love the
quality of his work and I just you know
I I just want him to make more shirts
for us um it's it's one of those things
if your customer's biggest complaint is
they just want to buy more you're doing
pretty good yeah so you
know lots of love anyway the point is uh
we've got a few updates on the store
first
up very crinkly well paper packaging
quite experience cyclable that's good
okay we do it because we care I I go
from the hole let's find it
easier I don't need to know these things
I can make assumptions about these
things one finger or
two you got to
start I mean it doesn't have to be a
finger oh my God like
[Music]
anyway the point is new
underwear nice they are 5050 Marino wool
and polyester blend they are comfortable
for all seasons and because they're
Marino wool they uh they Wick like
awesomely um when I when I wear these
for badminton my my nether regions dry
out so much faster so great for anytime
you might be outdoors uh whether the
moisture is coming from outside in or
inside out they're fantastic for that uh
there are same great fit there the hand
feel is uh yeah yeah it feels like
Marino wall y well good stuff yeah I
mean that's anyway the point is uh I
love Marin wall upgrade your software
haha that's actually a pretty cool
pretty good uh that's actually pretty
funny so the LTT underwe are back uh new
one pack it's really expensive that's
why it's a one pack Marino wool is
expensive yep it turns it's really
really expensive and somebody has to pay
for you know all those
people all those people to get
genetically modified to uh to make wool
on their bodies and yeah they yeah we
Harvest humans they're they're
volunteers though so it's okay anyway
the point is uh it has more of a
structured feel compared to our typical
modal blend so they they kind of hold
hold firm they hold a little firmer uh
please follow the care instructions do
do not put in the dryer oh it's wool
yeah that makes sense they will shrink
yep um okay and then they're underwear
so returns blah blah fully sealed not
opened etc etc so there's just a couple
warnings I wanted to get on there what
is this hat Adam um yeah good job I
don't know yeah it's good I'm proud of
him um anyway the point is the other
updates for the store this week are
magnetic Cable Management you can sign
up for a launch
notification really can I say
this available next week oh magnetic
cable management is coming also the
Precision screwdriver we are receiving
the first 100 unit soon which will be
sold to a randomly selected group of
people who have signed up for a launch
notification this will be ahead of
General availability and the idea here
is that similar to what we did with the
regular screwdriver popup shop
once those 100 people have it use it
review it we are going to take back
orders so that we can get some idea like
how the bloody many of these things we
should order uh instead of
just guessing danger without taking a
pre-order because hey this way final
production units are in the hands of
people and you can take their word for
how great it
is yeah I do think we'll probably do
away with that system at some point I
mean I think we've uh kind of
established what just going to kind of
take care of people this is not like
this is not like a game I'm not going to
tell you to pre-order I'm just going to
tell you it's an option at some point I
think
um we have a demo for cable management
let's do two merch messages first then
we'll do a demo of cable management all
right hit me Dan sure thing let's see
it's been a while to walk over I was
going to say for April Fool so you
should just run over and like punch you
well I mean we're going to why
punch it's a it's the most standard hit
in the world it's not the most standard
hit backand to the face is that the most
you would prefer a backand to prer it
that's not the argument here I'm just
saying that's just kind of the vi yeah a
punch is not the standard hit you think
a backand to the face is a more standard
hit that feels much more correct for
this video game says like hit what do
you expect the character to do well
depends what they're trying to do I mean
in in a in a social context I would
expect you know context if someone says
drink to the you expect them to backhand
you across the face this could be a
forehand yeah what but I would expect a
slap yeah I'd expect a slap not a Punch
If I say hit me to someone else I would
never expect them to smack me face it
depends on the context yeah you could
kill someone with a punch I'm not exp
you could drive their nose bones into
their brain happen to my
face I mean I guess but why even bother
hitting them
then
you should you should avoid hitting each
other in the head by the way this is
like a thing whatever Will Smith is very
culturally relevant whatever he says is
the correct hit is
correct we're going with that yeah oh my
good yeah fair enough you know what I
rest my case all right
yeah it's been a while since this
question was last asked Are You Now open
to 60 frames a second LTD
videos I it's never been a question for
me you'll have to you'll have to ask our
production team um no I mean I can uh
here you know what tell you what uh
realistically and he's pretty chill uh
he's he's he's the the king of the
camera nerds these days I I actually I
legitimately I'm not 100% sure exactly
what his job title is um but he's
definitely he's definitely the ruler of
that
Roost hello lus hey Andy sorry to bug
you you are live on the W show right now
oh hi yeah we we got a merch message
that was really more of a question for
you than it is for me and I'll I'll let
you kind of feel it here um uh we were
asked hey are you guys more open these
days to 60 FPS
videos uh I mean it's gonna eat a lot of
my our hard
[Music]
drive if we are okay with you know this
space and all the processing power lost
though I think should be fine for our
standpoint really that was not the
answer I was expecting to get um I'm
okay with that cuz like I mean I
wouldn't watch like a 60 FPS like V uh
movie you wouldn't oh I wouldn't no 24
FPS for movie only but like 60 you know
forour video you know like if for we're
showing FES and that kind of stuff yeah
it might make sense what about like a
talking head video nah it's okay like I
wouldn't be bothered but like I still
prefer 30 but if we decided that we're
going to do 60 that's fine what if it
was your decision what if you were
empowered I'm Gonna Keep like 30 okay
fair enough thanks Andy y
bye so basically he's more open to it
than um that department has been in the
past the bandwidth sucks oh the storage
requ two
video yeah this is this is why a lot of
platforms don't like like it there are
there are situations like he was saying
um where it totally makes sense totally
completely makes sense we haven't
accidentally done it by the way in
response to float plane chat uh we do it
on purpose from time to time if the
purpose of the video is to make
observations about the smoothness of
something or it's really gameplay
footage heavy we have uploaded in 60 FPS
um just just so you know it's it's not
something that we do by accident yeah
but like all content just magically
being 60 FPS first of all is not
actually going to make it better and
second of all it's just really expensive
across the board it's expensive in
storage it's expensive in D bandwidth
it's expensive in rendering it's
expensive in every way really um and
usually isn't going to offer you a
benefit and then when it does though
it's it's sweet yeah all right it's it's
cool the support but so uh basically
we'll think about it um typically I have
not really imposed artistic my artistic
will on other departments I look
realistically I could have said 10 years
ago our videos are 60 FPS like it or
lump it um but that's not really how we
roll here so if Andy were to come around
and say you know hey I think this video
should be 60 FPS I would never say no to
that um I have not been the obstacle to
it is basically what I'm trying to say
but it sounds like we're more open to it
than we have been in the past so who
knows what the future
holds yeah I don't think it's that hit
me Dan hey
W.C could a theoretical deal ss4 bring
back SLI leveraging AI to address micro
stutters and splice frames together to
trick games into thinking it's a single
card removing coding
requirements I don't know I don't know
enough about the architecture of SLI and
nvidia's modern gpus to speculate about
something like that but what I will say
is I doubt it I don't think they want to
go that direction either at all and
realistically guys if they really wanted
to bring back SL Li that's not the way
they would do it anymore Apple has shown
that a high-speed enough interconnect
can be built to have two gpus two
independent gpus functionally act as one
it does still have issues in fact we ran
into this unexpectedly when we did our
video on Apple's
um Apple's attempts to um make their
platform more appealing to developers
when we used an m whatever was M1 Ultra
M2 Ultra whatever we used one of the
ultra chips uh to to test it and what we
found out after the fact was one of the
reasons it didn't work very well for us
was because their Ultra chips are kind
of bugged in some applications including
that which In fairness to us is an apple
problem not an us problem that does
affect Apple's users and not only in
this one weird beta Edge case it's
actually a problem with their product
that they need to fix at some point uh
but it does demonstrate that there are
definitely still challenges even if it
can be done but that it can be done so
if Nvidia were to build something like
that what I suspect is that they would
build it as a product and they would
build it as an AI product they would not
build that as a gaming product I mean
we're already looking at their top tier
silicon their top monolithic die
costing what what what are we up to
$1,600 Us by the time you equip it with
a whole bunch vram and a whole bunch of
vrms and a big cooler and an HDMI
port which to be clear on a card of that
price is not a significant contributor
but still um I just I I I I I just SLI
didn't make any sense beyond the top
tier products because of the uh the the
the the interconnect overhead like you
wouldn't put that complicated that that
highspeed interconnect on something that
wasn't likely to use it because it's so
expensive in terms of silicon you would
just give it more Cuda cores or more AI
cores or more tensor cores or whatever
you why are you sing like 50 Series gpus
yeah exactly it's it's silliness and so
they would only put it on a top tier
card and if they were going to do that
what do you really want a
$4,000 gaming card I mean some people
probably do
but and maybe Nvidia would even build
that product like if they built it
already for the AI Market or workstation
Market anyway then and they were looking
at it going okay well we just slap
GeForce on this thing and then it goes
uh then may maybe maybe they would but I
just I don't see it being in the near
future sorry
guys want to hit us with one more
Dan yeah sure Hi D EI I I I he getting
so
weird I work in fraud and have recent
really shame on you yeah shame stop
frauding people I'm a professional
criminal and I have recent cases with
customers falling for deep faked ads and
fraudulent credit card apps with AI
generated photos what other Tech can you
see aiding criminals in the future oh
dude that yeah basically things in that
realm we we had a topic about this not
that long ago about where people did a
some form of AI deep fake thing for a
confence call to convince someone to
transfer millions and millions of
dollars and they did it um this is just
going to get worse I I talked months ago
about how people were um they were the
scam was that they would Target mothers
and they would deep fake the daughter's
voice um in distress in distress which
makes it easier cuz you like muffle it
and stuff y um and and they would ask
for like you know money or whatever else
Ransom um and was working because you're
playing on people's emotions and stuff
like that and you're putting them in a
in a
not you're putting them in a in a in a
if I'm wrong a cognitive disadvantage
yeah and if I'm wrong this horrible
thing is happening and I didn't
help uh if I'm right I'm out some money
so quite a bit of people are going to
take the chance
which sucks that's why I just don't pick
up my phone anymore yeah there you go
honestly I get so many SP calls and just
I don't have to deal with the Charlie
problem if I'm not even there just walk
away turn 360 around walk away if you
are not in my phone book I am extremely
difficult to get in touch with and it
causes legitimate problems I miss
shipments all the time like no seriously
like if I man if I ever ordered
something on Uber Eats and they just
like saw my number in the thing and
called me instead of like texting me
through the app or whatever I
just they'd have no chance I'd be like
God I guess I'm just not getting this
food you don't call screen I call screen
everything I don't have it
oh yeah exactly so I just don't answer
my phone yeah I mean honestly it's kind
of
liberating I just I I just what's that
my phone's ringing is it my wife seems
like someone else CU she's basically the
only person who ever calls me do you
have custom ringtones um do you have
different ringtone if they're in your
address book or not no I just I glan oh
yeah but I like I don't you know I don't
see if I recognize the number or
anything
yeah what percentage of my calls are my
wife I mean it's pretty it's pretty high
you know yeah wife something wife wife
something vet something wife like pretty
much my life once once yeah once you
progress to a certain age that's kind of
what it
[Music]
[Laughter]
becomes voice calls are so Boomer oh you
know what my phone does have though is
it has an auto text response so anytime
someone calls me um not anytime time
most of the time when someone calls me
actually this is I kind of
misrepresented it before I send back an
automatic please text me and if they
don't text me then it couldn't have been
that important that's pretty fair I mean
what were they calling from a landline
if you're already not well if they're in
distress and can't like type on their
phone but if if they're not in your
address book mhm and they can't text you
the chance that you really needed it is
like near zero yeah yeah um so that
seems quite fair to me um what was the
okay back the scamming question yeah I
don't know all the AI things are going
to be absolutely horrid for scamming
it's it's going to be really really
really really really bad I know and
there's going to be such creative attack
vectors like they'll get you on the
phone somehow and they'll be like uh
it'll be something innocuous like
they'll um they'll get you to they'll
get you to type something or something
and then they'll they'll use the you
know the knowing what those characters
sound like to
uh you know if they so like this would
have to be quite targeted but if somehow
they manage to uh you know get an audio
feed from a security camera in your
house or something like that if they
call you and tell you what characters to
type they'll use machine learning to uh
take that audio signature and then
they'll they'll wait for you to like log
into something even if they can't see
your keyboard and they'll like be able
to steal passwords from you that way
like there's just going to be things are
going to get actual spy movie crazy like
that's a thing by the way I wasn't
making that up that whole audio
signatures and being able to tell what
you typed that that's totally a thing in
fact I think the researchers didn't even
need the a recording and knowing what
you were typing they were just able to
they were able to figure it out just
based on the vibrations or something
like that it's absolutely incredible uh
we have a video coming soon by the way
on how easy it is to break into
someone's Wi-Fi if you have the hardware
for it it's the kind of thing that I
think many in our audience are already
going to be aware
of but many in our audience might not be
aware of just how bad it is so if you
remember Camino have you seen any of the
videos we've made about kamino's
machines okay they do these liquid
cooled GPU servers and they sent us over
one probably about 6 months ago now that
we have had various concepts for what to
do with and have
ultimately not executed on and finally
we settled on one um and it's good
timing too cuz they messaged me they
were like um are you ever doing anything
with that server and I was like ha I
filmed the video
today like there it's not a sponsor we
would like to um continue to have it
yeah it's not a sponsorship or anything
but you know it's got like 649s in it so
I'm sure they'd love to know where it is
um anyway we came up with a really good
concept and um Tanner built the Kraken
Ator 5000 a mobile WiFi cracking
monstrosity in a van um using a bunch of
batteries and their server and we didn't
do it because that would be
illegal but we were able should we have
desired yes to go anywhere yeah find any
wireless access point yeah and break
into it in how fast did you guys get it
down to seconds yeah so you could War
Drive if you were like in a school
district that's yeah that sounds about
right
nice very
cool pretty wild um I think for a uh
don't quote me on this cuz it'll be
right in the video I think for someone
who uses their phone
number oh yeah it was 4 seconds yeah so
if you if it's purely
numeric um because each each of those
RTX 490s I think was able to do about 2
million per second or something like
that 2 million attempts per second and
with WPA 2 you don't have to be in range
in order to do this either so even if we
didn't have that kind of hard where we
could steal everything that we need go
somewhere else wait around for it to
processing and then you got it and then
we can come back connect and even a lot
of techsavvy people don't necessarily
have
proper protections on uh every shared
resource on their Network um even here
almost no one that I know here uses Mac
filtering even Mac filtering is not a
perfect defense uh there's all kinds of
there's there's so many attack vectors
once someone is connected to your
network so please For the Love of All
that is good use a long Wi-Fi password
with lots of characters
with lots of special characters and with
unusual de deviations if you must use
diary words make sure that it's not just
well I used a capital letter for the
first letter of every word cuz that's a
thing that people do try not to be
predictable please please um yeah wpa3
much better but the problem is that if
you if your uh AP is not configured to
reject
WPA2 capable clients that that do not
support wpa3 then any WPA2 thing can
just connect and then it'll negotiate
via WPA 2 and then you can just break in
with WPA 2 yeah it's it's the whole like
oh nice this is secured through UB key
as its two- factor and it also has a
backup of text message
authentication it's only secure as the
least secure of it um I I know multiple
people who have in in the wake of all
this AI stuff moved to entirely
in-person transactions for highly
important things multiple people at this
point in time including some people that
act as companies um to the point where
they've made agreements with uh this the
cellular provider one seems to be harder
to get uh the only person I know one
person who's gotten that but it's
because they have a
more much smaller cellular provider uh
but they they have an agreement where if
a new sim is issued for instance they
have to be there in person it has to be
them in particular and they have to
provide their ID no other scenario is
allowed they will never ship it none of
that type of stuff I know multiple
people who have agreements with their
Bank where if they want to withdraw a
significant amount of money or wire
transfer a significant amount of money
or whatever over a certain threshold it
has to be them it has to be in person it
has to be ID verified they can't do any
of it online anymore none of it can be
verified in in
yeah we're going all the way back let's
go back to the let's let's bring back
check the way back yeah
signatures let's go yeah it's weird it's
weird that the solution is let's do all
of the pre-tech
things well we could
combine like we could have you know
physical biometric security I could have
to pluck I could have to pluck a hair
out of my beard and give it to them for
like analysis in order to oh I'm going
to have to grow a beard again there you
go shoot good solution yeah yeah I I
like I I I love that like hey yeah I'll
do that wire transfer but I only do wire
transfers on like every second Thursday
because that's when I go to the bank
might be an actual like statement that
people actually say in modern year
that's crazy
um yeah fun one what are we supposed to
be doing right now oh we just finished
merch messages oh yeah that took a while
that was fun though I enjoyed it it was
good
I'm cold we have some of it already like
we we've actually been running these for
months on wow I guess you don't see it
much oh these are the old 3D printed
crappy ones but yeah capable things you
don't have to make fun of them they're
pretty good I like you little the
magnets come out of them too easily the
molds for the finished ones are
fixed fine I like them anyways good good
magnet holder I'll break
it so
mean
um this is not something that I expected
to Happ okay yeah yeah hold
on okay go ahead um what the heck is
going on here why is there a backpack is
it hanging off one of oh wow there's one
for you okay I mean oh there's one for
you have fun well how are we supposed to
are we supposed to do anything with this
while we're holding it all right is
there a picture is there a plan wait you
have to just hold it why not I mean okay
why are you being tortured uh I mean
well uh I probably did something that's
fair okay so what are we supposed to do
Daniel besser I don't know this is a
demo you can move them okay well there's
different sizes of the cable management
things so we've got this these cables
here do you want to just pull an arch
off
Luke
yeah so there you go that they can be
used to manage cables nice strong
magnets these Jes okay pull that one
off nice nice so you can hold bigger
cables you know you're doing it in the
way that it makes it look easy
oh who
who
Jesus
who you got this so Luke was uh someone
ripped it out of my head Luke was
Levering it because he wants to be
effective but the point is how strong
they are I was I wasn't aware of what
the point me try and try and rip the
backpack off maybe yeah you could yeah
okay sure Luke rip the backpack off am I
am I allowed to no you you have to pull
you have to pull perpendicular from the
board so I can't like slide it to the
side nope nope embracing it with this is
not going to go well it's going to go
funny you slid it off I didn't mean to
put back I can't I can't like I have to
here we'll angle it Dan here we'll angle
it there you go
perfect it slid
again come on Luke don't
cheat yeah that hurt okay you got it
that hurts my body all right anyway the
point is there's lots of different kinds
there's the Arches there's the ones that
attach to Cable ties it is very strong
uh there's the ones that hold uh Power
bricks I don't think we look this whole
time one of the medium ones has been
holding the screwdriver and it's fine
there we go all right anyway thanks Dan
this was something
uh wonder if I could get it just by
throwing it uh I hear I hear the stream
somewhere
nice okay I think it was
me what a demo so they're coming next
week oh
man try not to cheat challenge
impossible
chest Dan are you okay yeah all right
good
stuff apparently twitch ran an ad while
we were trying to shill our
products okay hold on hold on hold on
this was this was good this was good cuz
there's some misconceptions pit boy in
all capital letters with maximum SAS
says so I have a wooden desk and a uh uh
drywall ah and drywall great products do
most people have metal desks um no no
but what wasn't shown there is that they
have I think he's running to go get them
they have little metal uh Circle things
to go on the other side um so if you
have a wooden desk like lius or myself
or even the wow desk or whatever you can
screw or tape or glue or do whatever
with these little metal plates and put
those onto whatever surface you want the
things to go on Wow having correct
terminology for this would have been
awesome so I don't sound like a so I
will just go to my cam here so I am
holding three different plate sets we
have the standard plate set which has uh
the standard adhesive on it we have the
and that one's intended for the adhesive
to just hold it in place while you uh so
you okay so you know what I'll just show
you guys how it works can I have a small
Arch
please oh there's one nope that's not
one uh I think that's
uh maybe that might be a medium Arch
that is a medium Arch yep may I have a
small Arch please I don't have any oh my
goodness we're just going to open all
the products I guess fine I'm over it
okay all right cool so this one the way
it's intended to be used is you've got
your arch you've got your plate okay
there's your adhesive backing so you
yeah you peel the plastic protective
piece off or you just don't I don't
bother cuz I don't care cuz I'm going to
put an arch on it anyway then what you
do is you peel the adhesive back off you
stick it to whatever it is that you want
to stick it to and then you slide the
arch off so that this stays exactly
where you want it then you put a screw
through the middle and it stays there
five ever hey now you have a metal desk
um the VHB plate set is intended for
people who don't want to screw into it
and just want a plate that will stay
forever with the adhesive um and then if
you ever want to remove it then it's vhp
so you can uh it'll take some time it'll
probably rip the paint off of your
drywall and you know whatever else yeah
vhp really yeah but this is a this is a
permanent mounting solution and then
this one's fun we haven't actually
really shown this yet I don't think I
haven't yeah I haven't seen this I know
it's a thing but I don't know anything
about it these are silicone grips that
go with the regular plates and what they
do
is okay uh what they do is they have
their own adhesive okay and so they're
intended either for our backing or for a
metal desk and they are a grippy surface
so you stick it down in between metal
and the magnet and then you lose a
little bit of your perpendicular very
small amount no it's it's measurable
okay yeah but it's probably so small uh
but you get way less slippage so it
increases the resilience that way and
resilience is probably not the right way
word or whatever but I don't care sure
here you can correct yeah anyway okay uh
yeah we've got
there's that's fine it's fine it's been
a very complicated launch because
there's so many uh things to communicate
there's so many different little things
we've had to think through we had look
we had to make jumbo luk sized cable
ties don't worry we still have the Linus
sized ones normal ones for like big
Power the ones that are definitely
totally normal and fine according to my
wife
oh my
goodness yeah I'm really excited these
have been a long time coming and You'
think it's simple but nothing's ever
simple when you've got all the different
sizes and all the different plate types
and all the different sizes of cable
ties that go with them and you're trying
to have great compatibility with
the etc etc uh it's going to be a really
really good product and we've I really
wish we had it ready in time for launch
but we just haven't I want to do a
series where we go around and cable
manage people setups with these things I
think it's going to be a lot of fun like
very um ultimate Tech upgrade kind of
Vibes um and I would love if it's
successful for us to actually expand
this one to audience members so we get
you guys to send us like your rid gamer
dens and we basically roll in Cleanup
Crew style uh you know help and uh if
Elijah's there and then and you know
masks for everyone else and we like
cable manage it I think that'd be super
cool might make more sense once we also
have cable products to go with our cable
management I think so so we kind of come
in and we go cuz one of the things oh I
don't know if we've talked about this
yet but I guess we're talking about it
now one of the things that we want to
differentiate our cable products from
others aside from just being really high
quality is the availability of lots of
different
lengths cuz I mean right now yeah you
can buy a USBC cable as long as you want
it to be 30 cm or 60
cm at about
40 or
50 it's really challenging and if you
care about Cable Management it's kind of
a kind of a pain in the butt that sucks
yeah we're not going to be able to do
custom links guys it's just with the way
with how with the kind of frequency that
these modern interfaces run at it's just
not conceivable for us to be terminating
them in a warehouse in Richmond or
whatever
like these are going to have to be built
to length but we want to offer more
variety of lengths and we want to have a
cohesive product line so that all of
your cable stuff matches uh if you you
know care about I did notice in some of
our product imagery for the magnetic
stuff which I've been peeping because
we're we're doing stuff for the the
store with it um some of the cables are
like kind of random and I was thinking
like man it would look nicer if there
was like
cohesiveness to the cables mhm and then
I was like oh yeah there will be we're
probably going to do that in time there
just isn't yet that makes sense
yeah how are they with scratches as they
move on the surface scratches
on oh I mean they are
magnets so if you if you want something
to definitely not get scratched then
what you would want to do is use the
silicone uh the the silicone things so
you would take the adhesive off the back
you'd put it where you want it to go and
then you youd put the magnetic Arch on
there um the problem with magnets is
that the force drops off dramatically
over distance and our differentiating
factor for this product because anybody
could see
this and make a lower quality clone in
no time at all the only reason this is
taken so long is because we want it to
be good right so if someone wanted to
just make an arch with magnets on the
end they could absolutely do that but
most of the cost is in the magnets
they're neodymium magnets they are
extremely strong for their size and they
will really hold your Flippin cables in
place but the problem with that is that
they're magnets they're made of metal so
if you put them on something soft uh or
something that has a really fine finish
on it like a you know really nice um
painted surface for for example yeah
there is a chance that it will get
scratched so you will have to exercise
some sort of Common Sense uh care and
attention whenever you're using them um
and if we were to we we considered
developing them such that the plastic
was what made contact not the metal and
it was me who made the call so if you're
mad about it you can blame me but we
made the call to go with magnet contact
in order to best take advantage of our
product's best strength which is its
strength
and like I don't know these ones right
here have been on this wano set for a
long time they don't really
move they're pretty like this is oh yeah
they're not really moving much they're
amazing yeah I don't know I don't think
they're going to do a lot of scratching
because I don't think they're going to
do a lot of moving if you're using them
to secure cables that you're moving
often a lot of those are going to be
things like USB cables stuff like that
moving that around unless you're like
really yanking on it I don't think it's
going to move them is doing some really
great Q&A in the float plane chat right
now um zarian asked well okay but
putting magnets on your cables is is
that going to be a problem for signaling
and uh what he said was from our testing
static magnets which is what ours are
they're not they're not moving they're
not it's not a motor right uh static
magnets are not a problem U from our
interesting yep that's
neat that's
cool cool all right we got we got to do
two more topics let's do some topics
yeah yeah Nintendo Su
Yuzu um for later yeah no let's do it
now all right Nintendo has launched a
41-page dmca lawsuit against Tropic Haze
the makers of switch emulator Yuzu does
Nintendo know what dmca is cuz I'm not
sure that they do they just they kind of
seem to think it's just everything to
everyone sorry sorry I interrupted go on
it yeah it's an arguable in court thing
so they can get people scared about it
regardless um they demanded that Yuzu be
shut down and deleted according to
Nintendo Yuzu users primarily use the
technology to subvert anti-piracy
protection not any of yuzu's more
legitimate uses the gaming company
disclosed that tears of the kingdom was
illegally downloaded over a million
times in the week and a half before its
initial launch or sorry it's official
launch uh and that around 20% of
download links pointed Pirates towards
Yuzu as a tool to play the game while no
one is claiming that Yuzu contains
copyrighted codes if Nintendo could
substantiate that it is a tool primarily
for the purpose of copyright
infringement that would be a violation
of the dmca as pointed out by Rob FY
fahi something around there of
gamesindustry.biz Nintendo is arguably
more seriously affected by piracy than
console Rivals like Microsoft and Sony
in part because both those companies
have a far greater number of live
service MMO and you know always online
style games I would also make the
argument that both of those other
companies provide a hardware platform
that isn't a giant piece of
that's a pretty good argument that
was my primary reason for buying tear of
the Kingdom a
cartridge and never once
putting it in my
switch I put it in a switch for us to do
a video here I never put it in mine I
didn't end up playing a ton of that game
but the Limited hours that I did play
were on an Rog Ally because I didn't
want to run it 26 frames per second or
whatever it averages out to like I it's
not it's ridiculous um especially uh
there's there was a rumor recently I
have no idea how credible was but that
the hardware for the switch 2 has
been in development and at a late stage
of development for a very long time like
they're basically just deciding when to
give us a console that isn't a giant
piece of um and it's just I don't
know man Nintendo is one of those
companies that just has such outright
disdain for its users I
I I have a hard
time I have a hard time defending
anything that they do at this
point
yeah this sucks for a lot of people
because I know a lot of people really
enjoy playing Nintendo games but with r
tracing yeah or at 60 frames per second
or you know at not
720p and I know this is a hey I actually
don't know that many people and my
circle is small and subsists of a
relatively similar type of person
situation but pretty much everyone that
I know that uses Yuzu also owns a switch
and owns the
games cuz most people are just like yeah
it's just an insanely better experience
so I want to play it there this isn't
actually about pirating or whatever else
I just like it's twice the frame rate
looks insanely better is a I don't know
bigger format whatever there's like a
lot of different Arguments for
it yeah I don't know it sucks I know
there's other people on the inter webs
that are a lot more invested in this so
if you are interested in it there are a
lot of people covering this right now so
you could look up arer K asks when are
we getting the beauty page pageant
pagent um internally I have been pleaded
with to not do it yeah
um it's not the kind of thing that I can
make uh a unilateral decision on anymore
I am no longer the CEO so I could be
an and I could be like haha I
insist because I am technically the
majority shareholder but that's not how
a constructive relationship Works
between um shareholders and board
members and other shareholders is the
chief
executive
um that's not how a healthy relationship
Works between this shareholder and the
other shareholder that Luke just
mentioned
um that's just not how any of this works
so it is not a decision that I will be
making on my own I would still like to
do it yeah I think there's a way I I
it's a mine field it's so basically
here's the problem we could do it we
could run a beauty pageant where
people's beauty is judged by the way
they could play Super Smash Bros and uh
um you know while they wait for judging
you know we could do that if Nintendo
decides to take legal action we are
believe it or not still a very small
company in the grand scheme of things
and the legal costs for that type of
action should they drag on long enough
could significantly harm our ability to
continue to operate uh I I know that
yeah I don't
fully understand where it comes from I
think some of it is my fault because I
talked about that valuation that we got
when there was the offer to buy uh but
there's there's a perception I think
that we are an enormous company that
we're some kind of heavy hitter um and
in the YouTube
space I guess so yeah we're in sort of
an an we're in a ve we're in very elite
company in terms of our our our scale
right like we have over a hundred people
who work here
but a 100 in Canada is the threshold for
like a mediumsized business we we're
just we're just barely we are
actually not a large company um we've
been we've been very successful we've
been very lucky but when you have a $100
million valuation or offer that doesn't
necessarily mean that you have a $100
million valuation that could mean that
there's some projected growth um so you
could have been at a very high
multiplier of your eida um it does not
mean that I have $100 million in the
bank that's super duper not how that
works at all um I'm not complaining I'm
doing really great and I'm deeply
appreciative to all of our viewers and
all of our team members and and everyone
but I don't have 100 million
dollar 100% I promise uh so for us to go
toe-to-toe with someone like a
Nintendo is a legitimate risk that it
would be up to the leadership team to
decide to tackle not
me yeah and it sucks because like it
would be really fun to do but it is
incredibly dangerous and for the same
reasons that we would want to do it or H
for highly related reasons to why we
would want to do it Nintendo would
probably want to come after
it cuz we're trying to
like you know we're very
obviously um trying to get around it
trying to set an example to certain be
trying to get around anything we
wouldn't be trying to set any examples
yes that is not the case we would be
trying to run a beauty pageant that's
true would like to make it very clear
that's true that is what we would be the
plan is you know if they were going to
do activities between they could do a
variety of activities they could they
absolutely could yeah in
fact maybe that would be a good thing
yeah if they could do anything they
wanted yeah maybe they play another game
maybe you know the console is there
maybe they play tic taac toe but there's
a variety of games available maybe
there's lots of consoles available maybe
maybe they play hopscotch
I mean it's just time between
judging we're just trying to make it
more entertaining for them fascinating
[Music]
yeah all right so we'll see long story
short how did that come up we're talking
about Nintendo and dmca and Nintendo
just being generally
jackasses um
okay our discussion question here is
what happens to n if if Nintendo wins
what happens if they lose I mean I think
if Nintendo wins it's going to send huge
shock waves um through the emulation
Community I think that uh this is a this
is a very important battle here um this
will this will almost certainly set a
precedent for uh for future similar
battles with that said I would be very
surprised if you know suddenly Nintendo
emulation and suddenly game piracy
disappears because of this I mean um if
it was as simple as you know winning
battles in court then music piracy
wouldn't exist and movie piracy wouldn't
exist it would just go more underground
but coming back to our conversation
earlier that may be enough that may be
enough friction that enough people buy
Nintendo games legitimately that um it
maybe won't matter anymore I mean I
would honestly make the argument that
even Yuzu as it is is very high friction
the vast majority of people I know and
this is people I know this is not you
know people that some random not Tech
Circle person interacts with like the
vast majority of the people I know would
either a not be able to figure out how
to get Yuzu running or B
would be able to but look at it and
go Noah I got something else to do today
it's it's it's a bit of a pain in the
butt and if you know exactly where to go
and which file is safe and exactly what
directory to put it in whatever yeah
yeah sure it doesn't take long like you
can get Yuzu up and running in like 3
minutes but if you don't know all of
those things man you can end up on some
sketchy sites and you can end
up you can it could it could potentially
and this is a very real risk it could
potentially cost you a lot more than
some switch
games so yeah I mean you get your like
you end up with some stupid key logger
on your computer you get your identity
stolen that's going to be not worth it
dog yeah so all that being said I
honestly think this might bring more
eyeballs onto Yuzu and switch emulation
in general than ever before um I've
never been more tempted to download it
and I've never downloaded it in the past
oh it's it's pretty good yeah yeah I
mean I I i' I use it I've just never
bothered CU I was like I don't know
whatever yeah if I'm going to play a
switch game it's usually because I'm
probably going to be in a situation
where I only have my switch anyways so
right and you don't have an ally so yeah
you're by yourself yeah you have no Ally
except if Yuzu does get sued into
Oblivion and told to delete their thing
would disappear yeah except it wouldn't
cuz it's open source so so it's not
going anywhere which kind of makes the
whole thing feel kind of um yep yeah
yeah good job Nintendo but the easiest
way to grab it would be to grab it now
if that was the case not I'm not saying
you
should remember that time Nintendo was
talking about uh doing like a
sponsorship deal with us how glad do you
think they are that they didn't do it
remember that time they like flew me out
to Toronto no yeah oh yeah and then you
like crushed that little kid in Mario
Kart wow yeah really you you're so proud
of that you have to bring it up right
now he beat a child at Mario Kart a
little
girl pathetic mhm did they cry no oh
they were upset they were Beyond tears
Dan so I yeah they they brought they
brought us out to Toronto to check out
the switch and then uh I I was trying to
like test it but I I wanted to check
like controller range and stuff and they
wouldn't let me and then they were doing
a Mario Mario Kart mini tournament up on
the stage and they put me on the far
side of the stage from the actual switch
console itself um
and it I was having a very hard time and
at this point in time I
played I would literally like okay so
some people don't know this back in the
old house when we used to film out of
the house I lived in the
basement I actually genuinely lived in
the basement so what I would do is I
would wake up I would go upstairs i' go
to work I'd work I'd come back
downstairs and I'd play Mario Kart until
I fell asleep and then I would fall fall
asleep I used to be very very good
and that's around this time
so I expected to do quite well against a
bunch of randoms effectively but I could
barely even drive I was having a lot of
issues uh I felt the like the controller
was disconnecting so I started asking
them like do I need to move closer is
this a range issue and they're like no
no no no no uh and the the one of the
people near me was like yeah you must
just like not be that good and I was
like okay yeah all right next race I'm
going on the other side of the stage so
I switched sides of the stage but they
swapped one of the people out and it was
like this little girl and I was like
okay well I need to prove that I'm good
so I was like crushing everybody but my
plan was to pull off to the side right
before the end and not actually win the
race and then I didn't realize that they
had the training wheels thing on so I
turned into the side and it dragged me
over the finish line and forced me to
win so I like crush this whole race and
then I get to the end smack into the
wall and then drag rag
over and a bunch of people were like
what like we understood you didn't have
to do that I was like I I didn't want
to the real joke is Luke thinks he
crushed it but he was the only one with
the training wheels
on oh man so it was uh it was quite the
moment
yeah felt like a jerk totally looked
totally looked cool at that event for
sure anywh who somebody jail broke a
prison
laptop yeah Twitter user zephra wenting
bought a prison laptop which I didn't
know was a thing yeah All Electronics
prison have to be so they have like
transparent PCS or uh TVs sorry and
everything transparent or translucent
whatever oh sure sure clear plastic so
they bought a prison laptop off of eBay
apparently assuming that it would be a
normal laptop in a clear chassis the
laptop's case and keyboard are
transparent in order to make it harder
for an inmate to smuggle Contraband but
it also had no storage Drive no USB port
and no apparent operating system the
computer consisted almost entirely of an
Intel Celeron n3450 4 gigs of lpddr3
memory a Wi-Fi module one SATA port
exactly one and a proprietary connector
for a dock of some kind zeph ing
crowdsourced advice on how to jailbreak
it and wound up bypassing the password
hot wirring in a USB hub and installing
Ubuntu wenting then bypassed the
system's hard drive ban list in order to
add an SSD followed shortly thereafter
by playing freedoom of course um I mean
that's about it I just thought this was
pretty funny um here's the post on
Twitter yeah I just I just had no idea
that this was a thing yeah I only heard
about this I heard about this before
this but only fairly recently and
apparently it's like All Electronics I
would just buy the laptop that came in
that chassis that's awesome yeah looks
sweet if anyone from framework is
watching um please oh that'd be sick I
would be I would be super into
this so cool anyway neat what else we
got oh sponsors yeah
the show is brought to you today by
manscaped shaving around your boys can
be scary even Goku won't be able to help
you find your dragon ball if tragedy
occurs our sponsor manscaped is here to
end your Nicks and cuts with their skin
safe technology the lawnmower 5.0 Ultra
comes with a trimmer blade and a foil
blade and they're interchangeable
letting you choose if you just want a
little trim off the top or a smooth
finish it's it's ipx7 rated so you can
get your business done in the shower and
to make trimming even easier it comes
with an LED light so you can see right
through the Shrubbery it's portable and
can be charged conveniently with a USBC
cable meaning you can whack the weeds
anywhere you might be and that's not all
manscaped offers all kinds of grooming
tools and formulations and you can get
20% off with code wow at manscaped.com
wow sick the show is also brought to you
by the ridge I have dropped many things
and not many of them survived except for
the ridge the ridge uses the highest
grade materials to make their wallets
luggage and more check out their popular
wallets they're slim and minimalistic
and can hold up to 12 cards and unlike
traditional wallets the ridge wallet is
built to last they offer a lifetime
warranty which means if you ever feel
your Ridge wallet isn't functioning
properly they will do everything
possible to make it right they
consistently push out new designs like
this limited edition design series with
HB neelon oh that's cool or hey they've
got a brand new leather wallet their key
case is also pretty cool instead of
having jangling keys the key case keeps
your keys slick and tidy and with over
880,000 fstar reviews and a 99-day
risk-free trial they are worth checking
out for Wow viewers you can use code
when to get 10% off your purchase and
free shipping we're going to have that
linked down below
finally the show is brought to you by
symbolic
software check out their new strategy
game Runes of ardun which is a modern
take on the traditional Japanese board
game shogi the rules are straightforward
there are six different pieces each
named after a different animal they all
have unique movement patterns and
abilities inscribed on the tiles you can
move across the board to capture your
opponent's pieces and you win when you
capture the enemy lion piece so kind of
like chess they even built their own
opponent AI system inhouse using
rust uh bringing you that higher
bringing you a higher strategy shogi
experience recently it was in the top 10
board games in Japan France Spain and
Switzerland wow okay that's cool so
whether you want a casual game or a
challenging puzzle it's easy to jump in
you can download Runes of ardun in the
Apple Store now and we're going to have
that linked down
below cool all right Dan hit me hold on
I got to get up wait it's just a game
that you buy for
mobile the market the market changing I
know we're like done the ad but like I
know right that makes me actually
infinitely more interested in it I'm I'm
so excited for the future wow I might
just go pick that up that's sweet I it
also reminds me a lot of Chess puzzles
which I like a lot inperson
transactions buying things once yeah
what year is it the good old days are
now we're back bringing back stone
tablets yeah hey I told you the Abacus
was a good idea I I bet you if someone
made like an art artisanal stone
tablets oh yeah that would be they could
they could sell like yeah they could
they could definitely sell yeah hi L I'm
a relatively new Mainframe storage
engineer cool do you think going deep
into Mainframe or Legacy Technologies is
a boon for companies in need or backing
yourself into a corner limiting options
for companies in
need I mean if you need it then you need
it yeah I mean I think that for a long
time the cloud was just treated like
this this one size fits-all solution to
every problem and I remember being
really frustrated because we would take
this constant criticism for building
storage servers why are the why are
these idiots not just putting in like do
have any idea how much it costs to
upload somebody had to build a server
somewhere the upload is often decently
cheap and then they will destroy you
whenever you need to recover that I know
I know the point is just somebody
somebody had to buy the hard drive it
can be us it can be someone else someone
had to buy it and they're going to get
paid it's that simp it's that simple
there is no free lunch so people would
be like why why are they not using the
cloud
sometimes there's nice scalability and
and you get discounts and stuff but like
we we're video editing we need to be
able to access it you're not going to
Video Edit from a Google Drive yeah like
are you high yeah some people do but it
like it's a terrible experience no it's
a terrible experience and just the I
guess the thing that drove me most crazy
was the level uh of I don't know
pomposity pom pompus you know just like
how right people thought they were about
how Sil solution of 17 USB connected
external hard drives is definitely
better no it wasn't those guys it was
the cloud guys they're like it's so it's
so oh that this is this is the past and
it's like you know what yeah it's caused
problems but not for a long time it
would have been worse at at all points
in time it would have been worse so I
don't know it is what it is because even
even when there's a big issue with it we
have the backups which is the equivalent
of no I have it in the cloud so it's
like well now we do we didn't have the
backups then
and like it's been a
while and and a lot of the people who
looked at the pedite project data loss
and were like see see I was right no you
weren't because I just wasn't going to
pay that kind of money to store all that
in the cloud it wasn't the data wasn't
that important and it's something I said
I said it explicitly in the video in
fact I'm pretty sure I said it when we
built the paby project I was like this
is a single copy I know that because I
don't want
to pay for a redundant copy of it that
is a decision I am making we have the
YouTube videos that are uploaded Google
probably isn't just going to shut down
YouTube I know they shut down a lot of
things but they're probably not just
going to shut down YouTube um so it's
not like the raw footage was always a
nice to have it was not a need to have
yeah these days things are a lot safer
but the paby project server which now is
like three pabes or something like that
is still not replicated it it has
there's only one copy it's it's
redundantly stored it's it's
but there's no replication if it goes
down it goes down and that's too bad we
have like three or four copies of wanic
server that matters a lot cuz that's got
footage that we have not yet
edited there is no finished video it's
not uploaded to float plane or YouTube
or whatever
else any who hit me again Dan hi lld in
the US we've recently had a Cyber attack
on charge Health uh change change
Healthcare that has shut down about a
fifth of all Hair healthc Care
transactions haircuts haircuts was
wondering if you've heard about it up in
Canada
no no but I think this kind of thing is
going to become more and more common and
especially by state actors you're going
to see them going after things like
infrastructure you know all of a sudden
if you know the Eastern seab board
doesn't have any working traffic lights
or you know if your hydroelectric dams
just stop functioning it's going to be
far more detrimental than um traditional
types of warfare and or will enhance the
effectiveness of traditional types of
warfare we're headed into very very
scary times folks being positioned as a
deterrent a lot of different countries
it's an it's an Open Secret that they
are in each other's infrastructure and
it's like yeah if we end up in a war
you'll have no water power anything
mutually and that would suck a lot and
like millions of civilians will die so
maybe we shouldn't go after each other
it's it's a it's another layer of of
deterrence last one I got for you here
yo Linux just got hired as the first
salesman for a video game production
company looking to grow video production
company video production company sorry
there's split here uh looking to grow
how did you know it was the right time
to build out a sales team and who's the
first sales hire I knew it was the right
time because I didn't have time to keep
doing it I was the one who was doing all
the like sponsor
negotiations um and it was a ton of work
like obviously I understand the product
really well I I can sell it um but what
I ended up doing was not selling it for
as much as I could have because I didn't
have time to negotiate and I couldn't
get back to people in a in in a timely
manner and so our customer service
wasn't very good and stuff and our first
hire was actually Luke's
friend because I don't know he might
know business stuff and stuff I don't
think I interviewed a ton of people for
the position yeah I was wondering what
your recollection of that would be um
because I was annoyed with lonus for
giving money back to companies do you
remember this no we would like do a
project and they'd be happy with it and
you'd be like a it wasn't good enough
and they'd be like oh we're like pretty
happy with it and you'd be like no take
some money back you did that multiple
times I know one of them I know I'm
remember one of them very vividly but I
know you did that more than once um
which which one do you remember vividly
I'm I'm super curious now I don't
remember that it's probably fine for me
to say the company name but I'm just
going to type it like one of my whole
things I talked to the sales team about
this um now
is the idea is not to do a one-time deal
I can probably just say it but I just
okay the idea is not to do a one-time
deal the idea is to deliver enough value
that they want to come back for more and
to and to to have a recurring business
relationship with with anyone who
engages with you because it's so much
easier to retain a customer than it is
to attract a new one which I think is
super legit but the original price was
already low and they were happy with it
yeah so he says it was Corsair but what
what was it though do you remember what
project it was it
was
I was it the sword
one I don't even remember a sword
anything
no there was like I jumped off a fence
with a sword it was that time frame
quiet okay it was that time frame but
I'm pretty sure it was
Corsair H I think it was around that
time though yeah I'm not sure I could be
wrong but it's been too long was it a
production job like did the video belong
to them so I don't think it would have
been Corsair at that time then because I
don't know that we were a little they
were building out their own internal
video production team at that time and I
think they were like trying to not be
dependent I could have bits wrong but I
remembered it was like it was
frustrating being a part of the team and
seeing lus sit at his desk for extended
periods of time when he could be doing
other things um doing business deals and
doing them in a lot of in my opinion uh
in a lot of ways
poorly so hey did your paycheck ever
bounce no all right then I don't want to
hear it but I was like it's up to me how
much I mark up your labor sir this is a
sign I didn't make this system but damn
it I'm going to participate in it wait
what
this is a significant potential growth
is to get someone else to do this cuz
maybe they'll do a better job and also
lonus is time being used for this also
just sucks so there was there was like a
two-fold thing so I brought Nick out for
like dinner or something and I was like
bro you need to like quit
school and come do this crazy thing with
me I know it's nuts I know your parents
are probably not going to be stoked mine
weren't stoked but it'll be fine his
parents are okay with it now yeah yeah I
I I chatted with them about it
and then yeah that that happened they
seem chill with it now I think you
interviewed like basically no I think it
was basically just yeah I think I might
have just interviewed Nick yeah um yeah
yeah I don't think that was a stage
where we were exactly getting like a lot
of and by the way no Luke's paycheck did
not include ran board he had to pay you
had to pay rent not much uh yeah that's
what I was going to clarify and he was
living with us at our house uh it was
even worse because we had to feed him
and it which was your idea I know which
was awesome look I was trying insane de
I was trying I try I try to create an
environment that is mutually beneficial
Luke yeah I just I remember I remember I
don't know if I overheard it or I might
have even just genuinely been there for
the conversation but I remember ion like
kind of breaking down the cost of like
ingredients even not even counting like
her time for which by the way is
valuable yeah Y and she was like this
just really doesn't make any sense if I
remember correctly you guys were like
negative just on the ingredients let
alone giving me a room to live in so I
was like wow this is an incredibly good
deal um yeah as long as you don't mind
hearing your boss Bang
Yeah which I mean see I didn't realize
until much later how paper thin those
walls were yeah cuz I never I never went
in that room I didn't care like that was
not a room that I would go into I lived
directly across the hall yeah like
literally directly our our doors faced
each other yep
yeah it's all it's all good yep I had
headphones like it's it's actually like
fine I don't know you just play music do
something else it doesn't matter I can't
the the place I lived before that was uh
a like shared living scenario with a
bunch of college age people yeah the
place I lived before that was another
shared living scenario with a bunch of
collegee people this was not a new thing
I was already fully desensitized see the
thing is it was for me I never lived in
a shared space with a bunch of college
aged people and uh I
just had never really gone in that room
and said hey hun can you like make
noises and I'll see if I can hear
them turns
out
yeah
so there's that yeah yeah anyways uh
what are we supposed to talking about
think it's I mean topics are on the card
so okay I think it's topics uh will AI
replace call centers in Brackets
probably not Clara an e-commerce
e-commerce an e-commerce fintech Company
Karma Ecommerce country I'm sorry lonus
we're both all messed up today yeah
we'll do better has been bragging that
it's new open AI in enabled customer
service chatbot has been doing the jobs
of 700 customer service workers
equivalent to the number of employees it
laid off in 2022 coincidence I don't
think so they say yes yeah uh this has
sparked concerns at some customer
service centered firms but others are
skeptical according to Clara the bot has
handled around 2.3 million service chats
in the past month around 2/3 of chat
conversations with customers Clara
claims that the bot has a satisfa rate
on par with human agents and will drive
a $40 million USD profit Improvement in
2024 however people who've actually used
the chat bot say it's mostly just
filtering customers who neglected to
read the FAQ and supporting documents
mostly through telling them direct
quotes from the supporting documents
which is a job that customers support
people
do I would point
out discussion question how much uh of
the fear we have about Job automation
thanks to AI is a matter of reframing
trends that were already happening yeah
because like this is there was already
customer service chat Bots yeah they
didn't need to be AI a lot of them were
to be pretty effective better the Lego
one is awesome like I sent it to the LTT
store guys I was like I'm glad I didn't
have to talk to a human yeah well more
more accurately I'm glad I didn't have
to wait around for a human because it
just I I just had a missing piece and it
just immediately resolved highly
transactional things like that which
most customer service inquiries are yeah
it's nice to be able to effectively type
through a form hey I got I got the wrong
thing it's a dynamic form hey what's the
status of my order like that's mostly
what people will contact you about
yeah yeah um moving on Lenovo good topic
yeah launches repairable laptops this is
really exciting Lenovo is is partnering
with I fix it can I fix it all these
Brands win harder like I don't I don't
get it this is crazy they're partnering
with I fix it on a series of ThinkPad
business laptops with user replaceable
Parts owners of the T14 Gen 5 and t16
gen 3 will be able to independently swap
out the battery Ram SSD and Wi-Fi module
actually that's not
really as exciting as I thought it might
be um our notes that is not more that's
then used to be default
um oh okay well this is less of a threat
to framework than I sort of thought it
might be uh the CPU is still soldered
although I would have assumed that
that's they just they just come in BGA
packages these days um are we sure
that's it is that a Miss they will come
with easily accessible repair guides in
videos though that's good I fixed it
gave the new laptops a parability score
of 99.3 out of
so investment disclosure framework
appears to be safe for now since Lenovo
is not talking about upgradeability and
that's a big I don't have any investment
in framework they have a massive value
at over this it's not even close however
I'm willing to bet these thinkpads are
more price competitive frw workk because
they know that at most you will be
fixing it not using you know
lower margin uh lower cost parts to
upgrade it um so you'll have to you'll
have to Reby a laptop if you actually
want a faster one so this is cool and
I'm really glad to see that this
conversation is not going anywhere but
so far none of the tier ones have seen
what framework is doing and
gone I can do that and I would like them
to uh I been part of the goal the whole
time yeah I uh
I have no intention to sell my framework
shares they're only they're only
profitable if I ever sell them um so for
me it's just an investment into this
movement I want to see it be a success
and uh I'm really I'm really glad
ultimately I think what I was trying to
do has borne out better than I could
have expected yeah you've been well I I
don't want to too attribute too much to
you but I think framework's existence
and its success has inspired at least
some amount of change especially in the
laptop industry but we're seeing it
spill out to other ones as well and I
think that For Better or For Worse the
discourse around me and framework
whether it's people complaining about
you know the ethics of it or or people
whatever just the the the association I
think has been good for the framework
brand um and so that goal that I had of
putting my money into it and saying no
really I believe in this enough to do
this um I think it's had an impact kind
of ironically I think whenever whenever
you do the uh like warning I am an
investor in this
thing people are going to look into it
it like gives it more exposure it's
almost like more helpful that you have
to tell people every time you talk about
a
laptop it like totally works out because
goal sometimes I forget because it just
it makes no difference to me
yeah I'm going to use it the main reason
I daily drive it is not because it's my
favorite laptop the main reason that I
daily drive it is because I want to
force myself to be a user so that I can
good feedback give them feedback anytime
I run into a problem uh so that I I can
make a difference like that's that's the
that's the reason I'm doing it um there
there's multiple laptops that I like
better than it I'm a huge fan of the
Asus RG uh flow x13 for example we're
looking at think awesome standardization
updates for systems here in a big
conversation is like how many people are
going to be how many people are we going
to move to laptops effectively oh like
and not even have desktops anymore yeah
oh interesting tell me more yeah and in
that conversation because there's been
like a cost benefit discussion one of
them is that a lot of people that have
desktops tend on uh eventually ending up
with
both so if they're going to have both
they might as well just have a laptop
and a solid dock uh then not paying for
like two licenses of things like our
yeah basically so it's not just cheaper
in licenses it's cheaper in Hardware
it's cheaper in a lot of different ways
it might also even literally be easier
for them to just have one instead of two
um and then they can also have this uh
company secured device that they can
take home if they need to work from home
for being sick or whatever else other
reason etc etc etc there's there's a lot
of arguments for it it shouldn't be
everybody obviously I want to put
editors on laptops I would just be
stupid um but
uh some some people and in that
conversation it's like okay what do we
go with because we basically just want
to have one because this only really
fits the use case of the like low-end
desktop user who basically just needs a
browser or that type of stuff because if
the second you need like a GPU well I
don't really want you on a laptop
anyways so it's it only really fits one
type of user so we probably only need
one type of laptop so what don't one do
we go with framework keeps working its
way into the conversation and then
working its way back out because they're
price
yeah cost matters right especially when
we're buying like a bunch of them and we
need to have someone
Reserve that's pretty costly but then we
do still care about things like
repairability we do still care about
total cost of ownership yes so sometimes
it kind of works its way back in and
it's like right but what if all that was
broken was a stupid you know fingerprint
sensor or whatever the case may be and
you know what there's a lot of really
repairable laptops from guys like HP
yeah from guys like
Lenovo but will they maintain stock yeah
of all those little replacement bits and
bombs I don't know it does I will to
throw Lenovo a bone here it it does help
they're partnered with iix it that makes
me believe they will a little bit more
um the the partner with I fix it every
time that happens my
like how much I believe in this thing
that they're doing does go up I hope I
fix it doesn't sell out me too because
right now they have an amazing name to
throw on projects yeah I fix it is
awesome I I immediately trust someone
more when they're partnered with iix
it's 100% which is a hard thing to earn
and easy to lose very easy thing to lose
so hopefully they keep holding on to it
I believe they will um but you never
know someone's going to retire at some
point uh leadership will roll over
Crystal D Fier 88 asks wouldn't
framework just Supply laptops for LTT
and float plane oh wow so let me let me
put it this way as a shareholder of
framework wouldn't want them to do that
I want them to do that just give away
laptops if I found out that that was a
thing that they were going to do I'd be
like who else are you guys giving
laptops to you guys crazy we're not even
asking them you're you're backordered
for four months yeah ship your laptops
to your customers you mad Lads for real
yeah like if if that was a move that was
going to be done it would be for
effectively marketing and advertising
and they're they're buying on shipment
so it's not a problem yeah yeah yeah no
please no they we got other things to
work on also we got like a hundred
people so yeah it'd be like at least
it's not going to everybody though oh
that's true that's true so some people
will still end up having desktops and
laptops some people end up do wrers will
need them writers are probably going to
need them writers are probably still
going to need desktops yep it is what it
is but like me for example I could just
have a
laptop would you go 13 or 16 if you were
getting a framework 16 do you need a GPU
oh is that the differ I don't it the 16
has a GPU I don't need a GPU to be
honest oh but you would just want the
bigger screen yeah oh okay okay that
makes sense oh man see that's the thing
is framework doesn't have a broad enough
product pfolio because I would tell you
you well you should just get something
with a bigger screen that's a thinner
device because you don't if you don't
need the power then you don't need all
that bulk you don't need all that weight
has a really good cooling system in it
do you need that
no yeah it's tough it's tough you should
use that folding one that I had for a
little bit that think so cool yeah that
one is pretty cool the review is finally
coming soon part of this whole thing
like yeah like could maybe have
something different but part of the
whole thing is in general
standardization this guy I could have
something different because you know I'm
in charge what a guy I'm have something
to I'm going to have something different
too I'm going to have this laptop of
course yeah get I'm going to have it
right now
sure I'd rather have help hosting the
show actually wait no okay I'm
good just I have a
GPU um but yeah like we're we're trying
to pick what oh no the oh did I unplug
something oh no I think so cool what
just happened like it just shut down
yeah nice that's uh sweet I'm helpful
like that I I'm fast quick fingers there
you go um you should see how quick I am
with my whole fist
though
what I I think Luke missed it oh I don't
think he saw really oh oh that's even
better that's pretty funny you have the
VOD I yeah I know I have no idea oh boy
don't worry about it could you allow
that type of thing on Flo plane we
definitely do I don't even know what it
was but yeah yeah we've uh We've we've
debated internally many times you know
what would be our limits for content on
float plan I think Luke and I are both
pretty uh if it's legal it's uh it's
allowed on float plane but we've never
really had anyone approach us being like
you know I want to do only fans but I
don't want to go on only fans I we have
really yeah oh I didn't know that y oh
okay and it just came down to why I
think the platform features were pretty
limited back in the day yes we even
support DM they wanted to upload
pictures and we only at that time
supported videos oh that's funny and I
was like
well sorry only videos and they were
like nah like okay someone's like don't
do that guys how about this how about
just how about just subscribe to it
that's that's the thing that's that's
the reason why we kind of think this way
is you would literally have to be
actively giving them money in order to
see their
content so if you don't want to see
their content don't actively give them
money now we are partnered with stripe
and uh effectively PayPal through brain
tree so they exert a significant portion
of control which is very interesting to
me and very interesting that so many
people are cool with this but theyt
actually a lot of control um so it
wouldn't be exactly the same as
something like an only fence because if
we have nudity on the platform it has to
fall under the artistic license assuming
anyone ever noticed anyway yeah because
they have to pay to see it and we're a
pretty small platform but um so that's
why for a long time there I don't think
it's as popular anymore because people
just ye it over to only fans and then
just went full ham but for a long time
there there was a ton of there there was
a there's lots of
other there was a ton of artistic nudity
on patreon a lot of people were doing
cosplays while nude why do you think
that's happening it's because it fit
under the terms and conditions that
patreon had because patreon was
partnered with whoever at the time right
a striper whoever it was yeah it was it
was the payment processor that was
running through patreon at the time and
then only fans came out and everyone
dropped the yeah like pork everyone
dropped the like
clams everyone dropped the shade and
just started going fully for it because
they they were only doing the artistic
part to fit under that license but
that's what we would have as well is it
would
havek I had I had to have a conversation
around that time that I had that
conversation with that person I had to
have a conversation with my development
team at the time be
like like if one of these things has a
transcoding failure oh I see yeah I was
like are you guys cool with this
and I like advise people at the time I
was like you should like talk to your
partner right right yeah so I was like
don't tell me right now right yeah like
go think about it and come back and
everyone was like yeah it's fine don't
think it's going to happen that often
anyways and like then it ended up never
happening at all yeah okay it didn't
matter and chovies though I'm I'm not
sure what that's a euphemism for that's
a difficult one yeah you're just very
small y small pointy wait plenty po um
big swarm packed in all together this
week in
AI background musac and 2D game worlds
yeah Adobe has revealed a prototype for
a new generative AI tool Project Music
gen AI Control that allows users to both
generate and edit music it's broadly
expected that adobe will eventually
integrate this tool into Premier and
audition like the integrated generative
fill into Photoshop uh Google Deep Mind
researchers have published a paper
debuting a machine learning model that
can create a playable Game World from a
single
image uh General uh generative
interactive environments or Genie was
trained on over 200,000 hours of videos
from 2D Platformers and currently can
only make very low resolution 2D
Platformers that operate for 16 seconds
at 1 frame per second but you got to
start somewhere I guess yeah and finally
researchers at Alibaba have created an
AI system called emote portrait alive or
emo that can convincingly animate
portrait photos emote portrait alive or
emo yeah
emo that can convincingly animate
portrait photos to show them speaking or
even singing along to an audio track uh
okay this video demonstration of emo
shows sora's AI Sora ai's famous Tokyo
lady
talking as well as animated images of
real life politicians okay so let's have
a look at
this em really they went straight for
the politicians angle portrait
alive
huh I mean some parts of this are pretty
uh this doesn't look better than what we
already have to be completely honest
well uh it's pretty good yeah remember
too that they are they're they're doing
this with one
image oh yeah so here it shows the
reference image oh and then it shows her
talking okay that's actually pretty
crazy yeah it's pretty
nuts okay all right what are we looking
at
here it's not perfect but this black and
white one in particular is uh the fact
that it comes off of one image is
actually
wild wow that is uh there's odd eye
movements here and there but if someone
sent me this I would not immediately
realize frame rate feels weird different
things like that feel weird but yeah
there's a good comparison at the end of
that video where it shows off a bunch of
different models compared to theirs uh
at the end of that video uh the one down
underneath the abstract should be near
the end this one this one here yeah oh
okay
at the end you said yeah I think the the
comparison's near the
end oh
okay uh is this going to keep
playing dream talk
ours man I wish those were a little
longer
anyway
scary yep want to talk about h P printer
subscriptions
sure I guess HP has actually launched a
printer subscription as hinted at
previously in a wildly unpopular
interview with CEO Enrique lores hp's
Allin plan offers customers an option of
three rented printers and a scaling
monthly fee the cheapest plan is $7 a
month oh my
God and has a cap of 20 pages per month
I was trying to stay calm but what
the crap dude 20 Pages a month for seven
I could literally go to Costco and print
like photos for that there's a 12-day
grace period after which the customer
will be forced into a 2-year commitment
or a cancellation fee that is worth a
significant fraction of the retail cost
of the printer that fee then doubles
after 30 days meaning that if you
attempt to return the printer three 13
days after sign up it'll cost more than
buying the printer outright this is
complete Madness feel like a scam HP
will replace a printer if it starts to
fail or after it's been in use for 2
years the printer also informs HP
whenever it's running out of ink which
HP will send to the customer for no
additional charge okay so it includes
ink that's something but 20 pages yeah
EX for $7 a month that's $85 a year I'm
not going to spend that on ink $85 a
year for for 240 pages of text are you
kidding
me HP is marketing this subscription as
a way to leave behind the hassle and
never- ending struggle of owning a
printer hey HP I've got another idea to
take away the hassle and never- ending
struggle of owning a printer
don't buy aing HP printer how about that
cool what's the different okay so the
the plan isn't the scaling of the plan
is by printer I'm looking at their
official site right now
um and so in hpah says all 20 of my
pages will be solid black you're still
getting host U HP Envy is seven bucks a
month the HP Inspire is n bucks a month
the HP Office Jet I got to interrupt you
here why the is V Voodoo PC branding
being used on printers remember when
they bought Voodoo PC so they could use
the Envy brand the Envy why is that on a
white boring
rectangular printer who is of do you
know what a voodoo Envy looked like okay
this yeah they was sick this is a voodoo
Envy hold on one moment
please uh where is
it
oh actually I stand corrected this is an
omen okay so this was their uh this was
they did this goldplated one this was a
a gaming PC yeah uh hold on I forget
what the Envy was no no the Envy was
their laptop okay hold on hold on let me
find it let me find it
okay um there okay this this is a voodoo
Envy can I go back to your computer yeah
that is not an Envy anything it's an
Envy
Inspire no it isn't it neither inspires
Envy nor does it Inspire anything else
look at
it moderate I I this this whole thing
sucks like look look at this one sec
okay so I got the printers right Bambi
says maximum speed of 10 pages per
minute so you get 2 minutes of printing
per
month I uh imagine a car that you could
drive for 2 minutes at Max 2 minutes at
maximum maximum speedometer speed a
month um so if if when you click on
compare plans because it just shows
these plans right starting at whatever
when you click compare plans it's just
printer specs there's no it it details
nothing it doesn't even say how many
times you can print
yet compare plants just printer specs I
love that I love that the paper tray
holds a six-month Supply
the output capacity is three months you
could not clear the output tray on your
printer that middle one for three months
yeah okay so so you just print things
just so that you can use up your your
allocation not because you actually need
the stuff you just leave it there guys I
know I needed to click customize plan my
my joke the joke that I was pointing out
was you click compare plan and it
doesn't compare the plan it just
compares the printers anyways now that
we're on customized plan you can select
the three different printers whichever
one you want so let let's just go with
HP Office Jet Pro it actually looks like
that looks like an Office Jet Pro
exactly at least it's not trying to
pretend to be an Envy Inspire no okay
yeah I'm actually going to go with Envy
Inspire because this is this is like a
if you wanted a nice printer for at home
right seems about right I don't know
sure looks pretty much the same as the
printers we used to sell when I was at
Best Buy um 13 bucks a month is 100
Pages a month $9 a month
is 20 Pages a month and they put popular
on the moderate one which is 100 Pages a
month so they clearly want you to do
this because they I don't think they
expect anyone to get light so I think
the whole 20
Pages yeah I think it's like uh whatever
yeah it's there so that you look at it
and go oh I don't want that and then you
go up to this can I propose a different
solution just buy yourself a cheap color
laser laser yeah the nozzles don't it
you're not going to be printing photos
on it I'm sorry just do that at Costco
uh but the nozzles don't get clogged so
you will probably if you are one of
those light users you will probably
never replace a toner drum and you will
probably never replace that printer uh
up until no I was about to say up until
very recently but I still have it I
still have my Samsung
ml16 or ml20 something whatever it is
color laser print I don't remember the
last time I replaced toner in it and I
can still manage to fight my way through
driver installations even though HP
these butt chugs uh bought Samsung's
printer business and make it really
difficult to use old Samsung printers on
new devices the one thing I couldn't use
it on was Chrome OS I had to have
something slightly newer to get it to
work on chromeos and there's some like
hacky way to set up a relay or something
but I was like I use my other computer
that's probably the same printer you had
when we did the Linux challenge yeah it
is and it was Flawless back then yeah
it's fine on Linux but it won't work on
chrom OS because they don't have the
driver and there might be some way to
like hack it in or something I don't
know I just didn't feel like dealing
with it when my desktop was right there
and I could just go print it there so
they say that the hpmv Inspire is the
popular printer option if you go down to
the standard HP Envy which is probably
everything most people need they they
recommend the terrible plan oh I see so
they only want you buying it for $7 a
month if you have a printer that's worth
like 70 bucks yeah I see office jet pro
what do they recommend there 100 Pages a
month on The Office Jet Pro is 17 bucks
a month that is actual Madness that's
crazy my goodness please no one do this
go buy a laser printer I'm going to I'm
going to go on Facebook marketplace
right now so if you want to buy me some
time I'm going to I'm going to shop for
Laser Printers right now yeah sounds
good uh I don't know if there's any
other topics for us so I might need to
get Dan to throw me a thing yeah we're
done all the topics actually uhoh you
got one for me I'm sure
uh is it after dark time it might be
after dark time it is uh you just
transition to that you want to just do
that now no here we go hey Luke yeah
last W show you mentioned about people
using remote raid passes instead of
going outside yeah have you seen people
playing on multiple phones and if is
this a form of cheating or
not it's the it's not not a competitive
game what do you mean cheating this this
is you're only cheating yourself I have
so many issues with Pokmon go and
Pokemon go players I have so many I'm
going to go get some Welches and then
I'll be happy to listen I thought you're
looking at printers I will okay he's
just also going to do that um good
choice but yeah it's who
cares who cares at all it's uh it's oh
there's there there is technically PVP
in the game um if you want to look up
strategies one of the most popular ones
is to basically AFK it's called tanking
you basically AFK and drop your rating
and then you play back up and win all
the time and get all the rewards for
winning all the time and you just do
that over and over again um so no one
cares really also the PVP in Pokmon go
is horrible and if you really wanted to
uh play PVP Pokemon you should go play
in other ways the um as far as I can
tell it's the only good thing about the
C current Pokmon standard Mainline
video games is their uh online
competitive play because people actually
do seem to like it so that's cool so go
do that or something I don't know don't
don't play PVP Pokemon go
um the the whole remote raid passes
thing is uh I I can get I can get pretty
spicy on that but I would have no issue
if they completely remove that from the
game um I have I even have some ideas on
how they can make cuz people people
immediately when you try to say that
will jump on you and be like a rural
players whatever
um I think there's a lot of different
solutions that they could do to make
that better I sometimes like to bring up
my story of the first day that Pokmon
go came out which is I was like I want
to get a geod dude and went to go hike a
mountain with Pokmon go and then
immediately was like there's nothing
here what's happening I didn't think
they would just make it a city game I
didn't expect that to be a thing so yeah
they could obviously make that better um
I think there's also ways that they
could make rating for Rural communities
better by um by there was this this idea
that I had where like if you if you like
battled in a gym somewhere you could
have like established that you've been
at that gym before so if you go to a gym
that's in your hometown that has the
same rate as this other gym you could
link into that one and play with the
people that were there but you'd still
have to physically go to it um people
thinking it's more accessibility it's
like yeah okay but a lot of people are
not using it that way yeah and like it's
it's a little hard to
like okay we need to break the entire
core functionality of the
game so that people that have difficulty
going outside don't have to go outside
it's like okay I understand but the
whole point of the game is going outside
so that puts them in a really difficult
position where they can't have Solutions
what what are they going to have you
have to like upload a picture of your
broken leg Yeah and then like what
upload a new one every month to show
that's not healed yet like like what
like what are we even asking for here
the way that I've experienced it is um
I'll I'll like go out to a community day
and go walk around I'm I'm all stoked
cuz I get in my like 18 kilometers or
whatever I'm like yeah this is why I'm
playing I'm out moving I'm talking to
people this is good uh and then the
Community Day end ends and I'm like oh I
could like extend this experience for
myself by going and doing some raids and
everyone around is like yeah I'm going
to go home just send me a send me an
invite I'll remote raid in and the last
one that I did after the event when it
was like time to go do raids literally
everyone left and I had no less than
eight people ask me to just remote
invite them to raids and I was the last
person there and I was like oh no I'm
just going to go home I'm not going to
like facilitate remote inviting a bunch
of people I don't care like which which
reduces the amount of like there there
is a very negative impact on these types
of things on the community and I
actually personally this is going to
drive a bunch of people nuts and I
understand I am not a friendly person in
the Pokmon go Community don't like me
um but I respect that ntic has held back
raid passes and limits how many you can
use per day because on on one hand
people will rage at them for any amount
of uh you know microtransactions in this
free game which is crazy they have to do
something or else they won't be a
company anymore and then on the other
hand they'll demand that you allow them
to buy the higher priced remote raid
passes because remote raid passes are
more expensive I'm sing this to lus
because he probably doesn't know um so
they can sit at home and raid from home
and I'm like no the reason why this game
is sick is cuz you go out and walk the
game itself is terrible oh I sit on my
phone I go like it's not it's not a good
game the PVP is terrible the catching of
Pokemon is terrible it's it's like
designed to keep you in the cities which
is not cool like it's not actually a
good game the good part part of the game
is that it Inspire it gives you some
gamified reason to go out and walk and
be outside touch grass so like do that
and if you're not going to do that if
you're sitting at home man there are so
many better games to play like I don't
know um people don't want to hear that
truth man but I want to play this one
stop just like wasting your money like a
remote rate
pass I'm guessing it's all OB fiscated
cuz it's through coins and you would
have to buy coins to be able to buy it
whatever um I'm guessing it's at least
a1ar $150 and you're getting a couple
minutes of enjoyment out of this and
then at the end the thing that you want
is like a a high value Pokemon out of it
which is going to be extremely rare
because it's either a shiny or it's like
a 100% IV thing ofama uh both of
those are extremely rare you are
probably going to be disappointed
statistically you're going to be
disappointed at the end of this thing so
you're going to spend spend a lot of
money per minute compared to pretty much
any other activity you can do and be
disappointed most of the time just don't
do
it just don't do it
Nike I don't know and like to be clear
play the game however you want I'm just
saying when I when I see people complain
about this stuff he'll judge you yeah
kind of a little bit and you can judge
me that's fine maybe I'm a bad person
for whatever reason I just I the only
reason why I see Pokmon go is a good
game is cuz it gets me it gets me
outside it's something that I can very
easily play with a variety of members of
my family I can get my mom my dad out
they can have a good time we can all be
walking around together talking about
probably unrelated things throwing some
pokeballs around being guided around by
this little game because it's like oh
there's some cool thing over there
there's a gym over there we can do a
raid we can do this other thing so it
inspires you to keep moving keep walking
around do this healthy positive good
thing
um and then people take it and they're
like no I just want to sit on the couch
all the time I'm happy that Pokmon go
introduce a system so that you could
still play it during Co when you were
supposed to stay inside that was smart
it was a good move we can go outside
now go outside again cool yeah did you
play Ingress yes and for the exact same
reasons why I like Pokemon go all right
hit me Dan oh sure are we moving to
after dark or did you find pictures of
printers oh right I remember oh
here let's see what kind of things show
up on Linus's Facebook Marketplace let's
play that game first nice hey Charizard
cars that makes sense listen to us kids
toys yep whatever the this is
Charizard no I know what a Charizard is
but what is this I have no idea
exactly OKAY model Gundam World War II
stuff okay uh custom kinetic computer
cases I mean man Facebook Market place
like oh what did I do I clicked the
wrong thing sorry I'm I'm navigating
from uh very far away right now does it
move yeah that's cool that's
sweet this is probably like uh it's
probably like some how is it $100 yeah
it's probably like they buy them on
AliExpress and resell them or
something no
ooh a Sony q q oh I think you mean clay
I no they spelled it right I just can't
see from here personal entertainment
organizer what is a personal
entertainment
organizer whoa oh it's an
organizer okay neat a CW
Devastator ooh futur complete 19 DVD
Disc set in a bender head that's
actually very tempting
okay yeah yeah that's probably pretty
representative okay let's learn about uh
printers so laser
printer nice 48 bucks I have no idea if
that one's any good but you could almost
certainly use the oh you know what let's
search for
color
color HP darn it and that says
monochrome dang it Facebook here we go
Canon Image class color Wireless
all-in-one laser printer okay that's 250
bucks that's a lot but that's also a lot
of
printer um 120 bucks for a Lex Mark
that's probably not a bad option
especially if it comes with some
additional toner that's wild actually
what I would want to spend one that's
crazy probably around a 100 bucks is
what I would be targeting here's 150
Canadian so that's more like $115
us um you could probably get $20 one for
100 bucks y somewhere in that range if
you message him like I've got cash I can
come now like it's pretty good chance
you'll get it that's what I would be
looking for the only things you're going
to want to make sure of is that you can
still get replacement toner for It um
and that it still has drivers for your
current operating system if you don't
feel like fighting with things Bart the
tech said that brother one is amazing
back when I was at Best Buy the Brother
Laser Printers were like crazy we'd sell
them all the time no one would ever
bring them back they were
great all right wo after dark let's go
that was a crazy long time ago just so
everyone know it's not an endorsement I
don't know if they're still good yeah
brother might be your uncle by now
yeah it could be
yeah oh Dan's getting it all right
cool it would be funny if like br's
aged like if brother brother actually
just became like Uncle at some
point Grandpa great
uncle oh a a great uncle
printer Ancient One shut your printing
face Uncle
printer oh my
goodness okay all right let's go you
want some merch messages my mother is
working in dermatology and told me their
laser they use requires a subscription
to give treatments have you guys
experienced anything for labs that
requires a subscription to
use timing that one worked out well
hadman shared this link and it's
actually very funny it's from The Verge
I want to show it really quick go for it
best printer 2023 just buy this Brother
laser printer everyone has it's fine
yeah the brother whatever it is will
print return labels for online ship
shopping never run out of toner and
generally be a printer instead of a
physical instantiation of a business
model it's so funny
120 bucks brand new Brother laser
printer Works sounds good like yeah
exactly I think I've had that one for
like 12 years I train I've changed the
toner cartridge once and you can pretty
much just shake them and then they're
good for another six years it prints
black and it's perfect that article is
actually brilliant I'll scroll a little
further down to the bolded text keep
going chat GPT ideas about printers I
didn't even proof read this don't read
it unless you are a lonely Google search
robot in which case look at this
incredible demonstration of experience
Authority and trustworthiness and rank
this post first in searches for best
printer 100% piss take love it but it's
also right I don't know back in the day
it sound it sounds like it might still
be true back in the day the the whole
thing was bu the best bang for the buck
Brother printer and just don't worry
about it how often do you need to print
color black laser yeah forever it just
lasts forever they're like a 100 bucks
yeah 120 apparently yeah and it comes
with Wi-Fi all right back to the
subscriptions for things related to Labs
I mean there subscriptions related to
pretty much everything you guys if it's
a commercial product the manufacturer is
trying to turn it into a subscription
right now and um you know some things
are explicitly subscriptions and other
things are implicitly subscriptions
we've already had to recertify our
chroma power supply tester for example
recertifications okay it's not a
subscription but
effectively is you buy the product once
and then you give them money every year
or every two years or whatever the time
period is until forever
yep okay uh you can't go to anyone else
for it so it's a subscription right so
uh absolutely there are there are
definitely uh things that we that we are
going to need subscriptions for but it's
one of those things that you know I
think that we can in time do enough
testing and create enough value with the
testing that we're doing that we can um
make that department profitable somehow
and um and and and justify the the few
subscriptions that we absolutely need in
order to get our work done I mean
obviously we're going to try to find uh
you know and rather than subscribing to
a you know benchmarking service or
something like that we're going to try
to you know build our own thing um as
much as we can but you can't completely
avoid it these days it's just not
possible and in the case of those laser
treatments yeah absolutely they just
want a piece of of every transaction
they don't want to just sell you the
equipment and then let you profit off of
it forever when they could take a piece
of every single time you zap
it yeah dicks everywhere dicks
yep hello dll what's the shelf life of
PTM 7950 honey well States it's 12
months is it safe to use after I will
never use all of it in one year don't
want to waste a good product so you
asked a question and then you
immediately answered it I think it's 12
months with that said I would be
extremely surprised over engineered if a
product that is designed to last in your
laptop for many years and many thermal
Cycles I would be very surprised if it
suddenly evaporated after 12 months on a
shelf I think if you just pretend it's
cooling or heat transferring the things
that it's between what I do suspect is
that it may be more difficult to apply
in that case like it may be harder to
peel the thing that may be the period of
time that Honeywell validated it for in
storage um as opposed to the period of
time that they actually expect it to
last but realistically I'm not going to
say anything other than what's on honey
will spec sheet so 12 months buy a small
one most of the people that are actually
a customer of Honey Wells are going to
be buying in such a high quantity that
that 12 months is more like yeah
probably don't buy more than this worth
of
stock y so they're not yeah it's a
yeah buy a subscription pretty
much oh hold on uh Nick just messaged me
he says it's fine longer than that
apparently Kyle has used it after like
four years but technically 12 months
expiry because that's what they certify
it for it is less Malle malleable after
12 to 24 months yeah so application ISU
all right I'm sure it's
fine next up what do you think of the
White House urging people to only use
memory safe programming
languages uh it's interesting the the
whole Tech you know developer Twitter
and social space is kind of meing on it
um let's go Tech political Grandpa yeah
I don't think anyone's really acting on
it so much um I wouldn't be too
surprised if you were a development host
of sorts that did development um and a
development host that did development uh
what I meant to say is development host
that did development for governments or
or tried to play for development uh
contracts for governments that you might
want to start leaning towards those
because if the government's like hey use
these things maybe you want to play into
that a little bit I don't know I'm not
in that space um but I suspect that
might be a thing um
yeah rust mentioned yeah yeah a lot of
people are happy about that um it's cool
I don't know yeah I I don't see
genuinely see or in conversations that
I've had I don't think anyone's changing
paths because of this but uh it's
interesting and like I said I suspect
government contractors might want to pay
a little bit more attention than anyone
else hi
when.
K-C love the the show this question is
for lonus planning on building a house
in the future and was considering
radiant floor heating but wanted
opinions on it how have you been liking
it uh radiant heating can be great uh
it's if you live in a place where
natural gas is inexpensive like I do
then it can be a very economical way to
heat your house in the winter it is
delightful when you are getting out of
bed on those winter mornings when you
know you don't want to necessarily pay a
ton of money to heat the house to
Tropical temperature but uh you do have
your heat on on the floors and you step
on those nice toasty floors it's it's
pretty cool dude I don't have to worry
about it I my building has a very high
ratio of much older people in it that
makes sense and they just cook my
apartment everyone else's apartments
around us just crank the Heat and it
feels like it's summer oh okay our heat
like almost never turns on that's pretty
funny and it's never very cold every
once in a blue moon I I will like notice
there's not a ton of cars in the parking
area and then I'll like go upstairs and
be like oh it's cold yeah okay to like
turn the heat up because they're
literally they also micromanage their
thermostats and if they're not at home
they turn it off yeah that's
awesome weird but yeah uh I'm really
happy with it but I haven't had a
leak so if I did I'd probably be less
happy with it they are rare though
because the tubes are encased in
concrete so you know technically nothing
should go
wrong but you never
know hey lonus Luke and Dan wasn't there
a plan to sell cables that were tested
by you guys is that the still plan or a
dead project uh we are planning to
develop cables and we will test a lot of
cables and make sure our cables are the
awesome cables I'm not going to say
they're the best because there's lots of
great cables out there and we're not
going to try to pretend that we have a
magic cable that's better than any other
cable on the market but ours will be
very very good with that said we have
definitely fallen behind on our original
plan for the cable tester which was to
produce content with it like every
quarter or so and just like test lots of
HDMI cables and lots of USB cables and
lots of display port
cables
sorry hello lld longtime listener first
time caller have you heard that due to
changes in Google's policy Google
Assistant will no longer be available on
Samsung TVs what's your take on that oh
no no I haven't heard of that but I um
no actually uh H trying to think what I
would do you not have
phones Ty and Os deserves to die
anyway uh no functionality that was
included with a device when you
researched it and paid for it should be
taken
away that but otherwise I um I don't see
this as something that would be a great
loss for me
personally how long does it take to make
the average clothing item everything
I've gotten has been great quality and I
keep coming
back oh my God I just killed one that's
been in development for over a year
yesterday oh uh I haven't actually told
the team it's dead yet
oh they know whose mom you're talking
about they haven't seen her in a while
um oh no liess anyway um yeah well uh
this is this is
like I could how about I talk about
something that isn't canceled how about
these
pants sure these are cargo pants they're
really great um I really like them they
have a pocket for for the uh Galaxy um Z
fold 3 that I owe Dan and is hopefully
charged so that I can uh wipe it and
give it to him today I put it in here so
I wouldn't forget and I totally forgot
about it until I realized it was time to
demo pants don't put it back in your got
too many pockets um yeah yeah they
really are quite cargo uh they're really
expensive I think we might tone down
some of the pockets a little bit to get
them to a price that is somewhat
reasonable and then maybe we could bring
back this version as like a cargo pants
pro at some point these have been in
development for over a year um you know
our bathing suit launched in like fall
or something like that because yeah yeah
uh we do have we do have a bit of that
yeah it's a it's a whole thing uh I mean
the screwdriver was three years the
Precision driver has been probably about
a year I
um even the fail pen the one that's just
made of like failed screwdriver shafts I
think has been at least 6
months and it's not done yet so
good good product design devel takes
some time the thermal pad all we did was
design a way to cut it up and put it in
a box and that took a year and a half
there's a lot of steps though there's
lot of communication steps Honeywell
doesn't pick up the phone for LT yeah
I'm I'm sorry who are you a government
no oh how did you get this number you
know what it doesn't matter like it's
it's irrelevant are you a
government oh uh nope I don't have a
source this let me go try to find
that before I say
things there's a
first you can hit me with another one in
the meantime though Dan sure sure sure
sure uh is there any old software or
Hardware that's been long forgotten for
example physx that you'd like to see
come back again I would like to see a
game developed with physics as a like
like a multi player shooter game with
physics as a core part of the gameplay
as opposed to just kind of for show um I
know it's been done a couple times in
the past but I feel like there's room to
innovate there MH I keep installing the
driver yeah yeah every single yeah if
I'm going to have it I might as well uh
you know might as well use it hey by the
way there is no source for the thing I
was going to say so I I will not say it
this is not it I already stop searching
for it oh but that's it hey D what do
you think of software companies still
having bugs in their code related to the
leap year our company was stuck with the
Citrix solution to disable the time
service and set the date to March the
1st it's kind of funny yeah it's pretty
funny dates y 2K oh no no it's leap year
I know it's just it's just funny when
software has bugs caused by the date the
date is surprisingly annoying to deal
with didn't didn't we develop Linux time
to like actually deal with this annoying
I could not imag this is one of the
reasons I'm not a programmer it's just
time yeah um it's just time just time to
stop uh please ask the talent I think
that's you guys what they think about
Jensen saying don't learn coding just
for NVIDIA to announce a coding llm the
next day yeah it's a marketing thing
yeah obviously he just wanted the
headlines you you do still need to learn
coding to use a coding
LL
well so there's a lot of arguments here
there's been some arguments made by
people much smarter than me um I I think
it was John karmac um talking about how
like while Jensen you know might not be
completely correct and it might not be
his tool llms or not there's been this
like ever marching path of abstraction
and simplification in software
development which does make sense so so
it would make sense even if llm AI stuff
never came to be that you would
eventually be able to code through close
to natural language at least for very
simple things um but advanced stuff like
oh man I really don't see that being
completely done by AI for a long time
and a lot of the core competencies of
software developers is deep difficult
problem solving and solution finding um
which just at its root is a skill that
could be applied to a lot of other
things um something that I've found to
be kind of interesting is to watch
people's career paths watch software
developers career paths after they get
laid off which has been a major thing
lately we've seen what is it like layoff
FYI you can see the like tens of
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
people getting laid off um and they tend
to be I accidentally screwed up a reply
yes I believe we are restocking the
keyboard pins but I'm not 100% sure they
tend to be very successful um because
the skills of deep deep problem solving
and solution finding are applicable to a
huge amount of things it's like it's
like uh when I took physics in high
school I thought it was one of the best
courses I ever took not because of
physics but because of the problem
solving and task breakdown and how to
learn
basically that that teacher by using
physics taught me um so yeah I don't
know um here's another one for Luke
while lus does does some potentials hey
Luke bread and 2019 lonus best tips for
traveling the work uh traveling for work
and living out of a hotel what are some
of your top stories from conferences or
events thanks I don't have a ton of tips
for the first thing other than I I very
much prefer to travel as light as a
human L possible uh when we booked our
our uh stay in Japan uh I think about
half of the places we're staying have
laundry so our plan is to take as little
clothing as possible I can't believe
laundry is not a thing in North America
at hotels it drives me absolutely crazy
it's just common sense I'm going for two
weeks so I have to bring 15 shirts like
this is ridiculous I would be very
careful uh because like uh the place
that we stayed in Taiwan for example BNB
okay okay okay cool I'm more talking to
them though oh sure uh it's quite common
that if your hotel has laundry in it
that will be insanely expensive oh but
it's like it $5 to do a single shirt um
and it doesn't go down no no no that's
not what I'm talking about no no in Asia
you can stay at places where like it's
it's two bucks and they have like a
washing machine and dryer it's awesome
this was in Taiwan that's in Asia okay
I'm just saying the place I stayed in
Taiwan was amazing for that you stayed
at the same place as me no I didn't yeah
the last time we were in Taiwan we were
in the same hotel when was the last time
we were in Taiwan copy Tex like just
this most recent one yeah okay that's
not what I'm I didn't use their laundry
service my point is like the Wern theyh
shirt for five bucks you can just Google
Maps cuz I did this I used a laundry mat
down the street sure this is my whole
point it was like $2 okay well the place
I stayed four years ago I guess in car
for everything at compex on every floor
had a laundry room oh sweet and it was
like two
and you just like use the Wasing machine
it was amazing it was the best thing
ever and I was like everything should
have this why do they have an ice
machine but no laundry machine how often
do I need ice how often do I need
clothes let's go and if it's if it's in
the hotel and it's like that and it's
nice and cheap that's like Wicked if
it's not there's probably a laundromat
and you're probably not uh you know
making your own food anyways cuz you're
on the road so go drop your stuff off go
get some food go pick it up you're done
yep 100% it's great super easy super
cheap super easy overpacking is like the
worst Noob move yep don't overpack uh as
for stories I think uh my favorite story
is probably from Japan that time that we
did the WAN show from the hotel room and
Ed was pass out drunk behind the
camera like like could like was actually
just lying there throughout the duration
of the
show he was trying to hold the legs to
the camera which I think was for like
his own stability more more than the
cameras at that point but he's like his
arms are over here and he's completely
leaned
over that was awesome that way show is
great you can look it
up not a replaced Background by the way
this is this is the actual W can man you
remember when wcho was 48 minutes I
think that was just so so that we could
go check on Ed though make sure he
wasn't dead yeah I think I think the
worst part was when we filmed the video
too right yeah we filmed a video because
that was the L show but we filmed a
video in in one of the rooms yep yeah
yeah it was the whole thing pretty
epic we used to go pretty hard
dude I don't think I could do it anymore
not like that yeah that trip was rough
yeah I I really like that trip but it
was rough it was rough I I can't I've
I've like tried it a few times um I can
in one shot and then I need the recovery
time like immediately back then I just I
whatever forever I'll do it for a year
who cares more than that but now yeah
like if I stay up too late the next day
I'm like
oh yeah that
too hello Lena and Lucy we'll be going
on a trip to Japan soon and need some
new clothes to pack lonus I remember you
said you were planning a trip to Japan
what are you most excited to see or do
there I think everyone is going to Japan
right now there's at least four people
internally that are like going to Japan
or just came back from Japan it's it's
ridiculous um great I think they opened
up later than most other countries after
Co they had completely shut off vacation
travel that makes sense uh I'm looking
forward to seeing my children's happy
faces they really wanted to go pretty
much everything we're doing is mostly
like kid oriented so um I hope they have
a really really good time and I have
lots of good stories about it once I get
back
yeah should I get my eight and
nine-year-old their own computers or
just get one and do virtual machines
they are homeschooled and like video
games virtual machines it's an
interesting idea yeah it's so okay do it
if you're looking for a fun project and
you are fully anticipating building the
second computer later
anyway yeah that's a good
one cuz it's clearly an option it's one
of the options you're weighing would
would you what would you think about
just getting the one and then making
them learn to share it I think that's
actually solid yeah or just don't do
either of those things and have one
computer and be like you need to share
yeah I I still remember uh we had we had
a 30-minute cycle so like if if it was
my turn on the computer I had 30 minutes
and then it would be my brother's turn
on the computer and I remember my
brother and I going to my mom to try to
negotiate like we want bigger play
Windows because there's things that we
like can't do in that time like certain
games like it's you just can't play it
within that time window and I remember
her being
like I don't care this is set up so that
like you won't fight each other and we
were like
oh
okay sounds good um yeah I don't
know two computers is a lot of money
they're like
eight I don't know make him share it iw.
dll for Luke do you think the lmg is
still small and Nimble enough to adjust
and stay relevant uh PS thanks for
including models clothing sizes on the
store I I am a small company
enjoyer what
are you trying to mock me for being big
what no what is that being like what is
this come at me we got this oh yeah in
in regards to staying relevant no I'm
not concerned about that um I I think
like dude the the Kyle video was amazing
um it actually it's it's like really
long and I didn't realize that I
actually watched the whole thing
um yeah I'm going to right now this one
the Ultimate Upgrade took two years to
be fair I didn't watch it on YouTube I
watch it on Flow plane but that's a
killer video the potato PC video is
hilarious watching David at one point in
time he like I don't know Spider-Man
crab like shuffles towards something to
talk about it and then like shuffles
away I burst out laughing like I yeah I
don't know I'm not worried about
relevance um I think we have better a
better team than ever I think we have
the quality of the videos right now is
insane an endless bucket of ideas is um
I think he made he made on the potato PC
he made a mouse
pad out of hash
browns like come
on are you not
entertained like no I I don't think
relevancy is an issue I think we will be
able to keep releasing and this is
someone who's not even on that team um I
I I think we'll be able to keep
releasing fantastic content um we are
const conly taking criticism about the
direction of our content or how out of
touch we are we've been being told we're
out of ideas since the house yeah we're
not out of ideas we're never going to be
out of ideas uh there's an endless
Wellspring of ideas I I I got into this
with someone on Reddit a little while
ago I went okay look you've got my
attention tell me which content pieces
and I think I said in the last uh out of
the last 21 cuz I was I was trying to
pick like an arbitrary CU they said
recently the content has been trash and
I said okay okay and there will be some
tips but that's like no no no no no
there weren't I said which ones were
trash tell me specifically like what
about them was trash and they kind of
come back with this sort of vague posty
thing about how we used to be cool and
now we're not and I'm like okay you got
to actually hit me with something and
they attacked me for the arbitrary 21
day uh or 21 video time frame and I was
like okay how about this let's make it
not arbitrary let's make make it 28
videos that's everything we've uploaded
since CES what was
trash and they just like I kind of they
came up with like nothing and at some
point I'm like okay what it sounds like
to me is that you criticizing the
content but you are not watching it so
how can you possibly say that recently
anything when you haven't watched the
video so I'll tell you what why don't
you respond then once you've actually
opened up your mind to enjoying it and
watched something and then and then we
can discuss what about it was trash but
like this is your
opportunity to fix it if you really care
you have my undivided attention right
now tell me what the problem is and
there just wasn't really one super
common yeah it and it happens it happens
all the time where people will say
something like you guys are always
making videos about stuff that's too
expensive no one could afford anything
you're talking about and I'll just I
I'll break it down for them I'll go
through okay here's the last month of
videos yeah we had you know the world's
biggest TV
um and then we had the found that thread
very fast oh wow I'm impressed that was
crazy uh it was oh is it float plane
chat yeah oh yeah okay no found it like
immediately well that makes sense
um yeah so I basically I I basically
said um now that it's not an arbit time
frame can you point me to the trash that
is geared toward the lowest common
denominator and that's that's something
I see a lot I see people uh talking
about how our content is for Dum dummies
dummies it's for people who people who
you know don't properly appreciate maybe
I'm stupid because I like potato PC but
I still like potato PC okay so I go on
to say let's say let's say I was
pretending that our videos really do
have a lot of good educational nuggets
and you were going to prove to to me
that I'm wrong and that I'm a leader who
is simply focused on profits which
videos would you use to demonstrate that
I don't even disagree that some videos
SK toward entertainment more but if
you're calling them trash it's clear
you've watched them and have strong
feelings about them I'm just asking for
that specific feedback or as I suggested
before it's possible you haven't watched
them if that's the case why did you type
your original critique of our content
are you even open to trying it and
enjoying it yeah and that was where the
back and forth that had actually gone
back and forth and forth and back and
forth and forth and forth like times or
something like that um finally died off
finally just died they just gave up and
they're like okay well you got me and I
didn't watch I actually had no idea what
I was talking about I think it's pretty
common that like if someone's
tastes change
mhm now they're now deciding the thing
that they used to like Now sucks even if
that thing really didn't change much um
sometimes that thing does change and
sometimes we diverge but not always
sometimes it diverges that's okay no
relationship ship lasts forever at some
point you know you change or someone
dies or you know whatever and you might
even maybe you inspired to get into Tech
by watching
fun uh like entertainment kind of
focused LTT style content and then now
you're like a tech professional and you
work in the it field and you're more
interested in like uh Linux focused uh
infrastructure videos and stuff like
that and you don't want to watch t a
particular model of network switch you
know but we're never going to get to
that kind of depth but that doesn't mean
that content is now bad it just means
you're looking for other stuff which is
it also doesn't mean that there isn't a
lot to still learn from us yeah it could
be about something else you probably
know more about something else but the
writers work hard the labs team works
hard every video has something to learn
in it we really do go out of our way to
make sure that that's the case and
sometimes you'll have already learned
everything that's in a particular video
and that's totally fine but to to say to
say it's it's trash or it's purely for
entertainment I think is um is more of
an indictment of you than it is of us I
the effort level is so high just to
bring it back to the potato PC again
yeah the amount of steps taken to
like I I mean conformal coding yeah we
we talked about you might not have even
known that conformal coding was a thing
it's not a normal thing that comes up in
people's lives and you might have maybe
but I guarantee you a lot of the people
who watch weren't familiar with it yeah
so I don't know and then onto the
company stuff I am a small company
preferer um and I think my my alarm
Bells go off quickly because of that um
but I think a lot of the steps that have
been taken lately even if they are kind
of more corporate have been really
good so we still care I don't know I
know it's hard to believe right I am
small company person but I'm only going
to I'm going to try to only complain if
the complaint is valid and I don't have
valid complaints about the changes that
have been happening the changes that
have been happening have been good so
I'm happy I think trajectory is good I
don't think ideas are going down I think
the writing team has been doing a
fantastic job I think videos are doing
great I don't know I genuinely loved the
potato PC video genuinely loved Kyle's
upgrade I don't watch everything so I
haven't seen a bunch of the other
things I don't know I mean I can tell
you guys my favorites I watch every
video now um so I'm the I'm the final QC
pass um and it's a it's a QP QP s uh
it's a it's a QC pass for kind of kind
of everything but I'm particularly
focused on you know making sure the
content's really good um this one's
really solid this one's great uh the all
China PC is a great video uh oh I am
subscribed to our members only content
so I guess uh we're going to have to
Wade through that a little bit this is s
tier had a ton of fun with Kyle and
Elijah and it's so watchable Leone uh
it's an incredibly watchable video I I'm
very proud of some of my some of my uh
my moves like it's one of those things
where am I tired sometimes yeah I'm old
um compared to when we started doing
this I'm I'm 11 years older than when we
started this company and it's you know
it it hits you at some point we both got
Grays now but I'm also experienced like
some of the comments from people on that
video um were things you can actually
you can actually see on my face the
moment when I think of the idea of doing
that transition to upstairs and leaving
Kyle and Elijah arguing in the
background and Elijah walks in to help
me you can actually watch me go and then
I run out of frame so that we can do
that transition um like I I've been
doing this a long time and I'm still
having fun I guess is what I'm I guess
is what I'm trying to say about that uh
the gaming the the potatoes just I mean
this is going to be one of those ones
yeah 1.2 million today um we built a
gaming PC and a potato this one's great
uh this one's a little dry uh but was
super interesting for me the Flander
scientific uh mastering
display um fa phone review I was
definitely right there's uh oh my
goodness I can't believe we didn't get
that on the dog this week I didn't even
think of it they response yeah they they
responded um and basically made
themselves they they had an opportunity
to um to take feedback and make the
phone better and they they went and
linest it
[Music]
up oh that's a good
quote all right hit me Dan okay
well I'm I'm still recovering from that
yeah is that a verb are you a noun to
now oh man you're the
linest you're going to
jail uh hi that's the one we just did
sorry recently had my keyboard die on me
it had a USB slot in it for my
fingerprint sensor it's so hard to find
a good keyboard with USB pass through
any idea why it's not more common love
the show if I had to guess just say it's
because front USB and monitor USB hubs
are so commonplace and docks and
everything are so cheap now why would
you need that feature also in order to
do Pastor you would either need to have
a secondary plug like many of the old
ones did or you would need to have an
integrated Hub and you'd have to have a
low enough power budget for the rest of
the keyboard that you would have enough
left over to power a secondary device
and a lot of modern keyboards that are
expensive enough to have you know extra
Frills are going to have backlights on
them and stuff these days so I just
wouldn't expect that to be as common why
don't you to pick up like a used g710
plus I'm still partial to it what are
those going for on eBay can't be too
much these days can't be too
much
seriously there you go $33 wow $13 buy
it now and just pop all the keys off and
wash them and you're good yeah pop all
the keys off was the board was the keys
if you're in the state so I mean here in
Canada I'm going to pay like 65 bucks oh
yeah and this one definitely has passed
through it's USB 2 pass through it's
nothing special Canada has it gross it's
whole
thing any updates on the Khaki work
pants I have been in the need for some
and have been holding off buying some to
see when they will be
released oh
no I do not have any updates to share at
this
time I've got I've got a question here
for Luke yeah everybody works at CW turn
turn off their computer uh hey Luke are
we going to get a native float plane app
for Apple Vision Pro started exploding I
don't you guys can hear that oh no oh
thank goodness oh God okay Vance already
told the team that that they're
dead okay pants are dead um I can I can
talk a little bit about why uh we're
going to alter the way that we we we've
done nine samples of that product that
product has been in development for
probably a year and a half or two years
or something like that I can't remember
how long it's it's it's been in
development for an obscene amount of
time and we've had pants are hard for
starters um the cargo pants are going
really well but that's not a guarantee
for other pants everything from
materials to Pockets to fit blah blah
blah blah blah pants are really really
really hard compared to shirts um and
everything that can go wrong with the
with those has we've we've seen
everything from Pockets that kind of
flare out so they look like vaginas on
your thighs to like um and with zippers
in them so ones that bite um the best
kind to just like uh General tightness
to man I don't know just oh oh one of
okay something that personally I think
the world needs a lot less of is um
men's hairy bum cracks hanging out and
since so many people I know refuse to
wear a belt uh I insisted that when
sitting our pants need to not just show
you know more than you know half an inch
of crack kind of thing like I like we've
got a whole but but we're not making
high-waisted you know pants or whatever
so there's just there's so many things
that I'm really picky about that have
been very difficult to achieve with a
with a a work appropriate you know khaki
pants garment um and what we realized
was doing all of these samples and
everything for for fit
and we realized earlier this week that
no one had ever actually worn them for
an entire day because we'd never had
them close enough for our previous
standard for wear testing so I kind of
went okay well these kind of suck for a
number of reasons
but um there are probably other reasons
and if we're going to do nine more
samples then now's probably the time to
unless we want to do nine more samples
now's probably the time to wear them for
a day and find out that the angle of the
pockets okay we fixed the flaring out
thing but they're they're I I almost cut
my hand open trying to get into them and
if they weren't zippered everything
would fall out and this pocket that we
had on the knee was kind of useless like
the idea behind these pants was they
looked like normal slacks that you could
wear to the office but they had like
hidden pockets and stuff so you could
carry a bunch of stuff stuff that you
need but in order to make them remotely
wearable it was just it was a mess um
nothing was really that easy to get at
and it they ended up looking really
weird and bulgy whenever you had
anything in the pockets because they had
more of like a formal fit
uh someday maybe someday maybe we
resurrect them let's see the cargo pants
be a huge success they're great everyone
who's wear testing these freaking loves
them so no problem were full steam ahe
had on the cargo pants but the Khaki
ones
are they're down and out like I didn't
even realize that I'd forgotten to make
sure there was an airpods pocket
included until I wore them all day and I
went to like transfer all my stuff and
holy crap we forgot an airpods pocket
and like
just it's so it's so easy to miss little
details unless you actually live with
the products every day I mean people
will kind of joke with me about how I
you know we only shill LT store products
but it's it's not about that obviously
yeah I want to promote the products this
is a great hoodie by the way I I had
Spiderman I had to Spider-Man meme uh
three separate people today who were
wearing the same hoodie today CU it's
just awesome anyway I um it's not just
that obviously I want to promote the
product but I also want to live with the
product I want to be stuck with the
product so that when there's a problem
I'm going to be the first one to find it
because I've done more wash Cycles with
it than you have um
yeah this is a great hoodie by the way
LTT store.com did they come in all yet
no soon all right the question was oh
yeah sorry hey Luke uh are we going to
get a native float plane app for the
Apple Vision Pro hold on hold on I got
this yes if you make
it I was going to say Never Say Never
but
no yeah
extremely
unlikely
um
yeah hi D I'm 19 and work as a remote
tech for Asurion I repair 8 to 13 phones
a day what would you say is the next
progression for my career path what
should I look into learning
entrepreneurship oh yeah yeah to be
honest if you can fix a
fold then you can get a free
fold all right I'm wiping it now it's
yours this is this is not business this
is not investment advice you can't just
keep your clients phones when you fix
them no but seriously yeah it is
probably entrepreneurship you go on
Craigslist and do like phone repair from
your bedroom and you make a lot of money
uh we're we're kind of Apple products um
their their users are uh Apple users and
apple charges also a lot for
repairs yeah yeah you you might the only
other really good career path I think in
that realm are going to be only
tangentially related um getting into
board design doing things like that but
that's like electrical engineering stuff
but I'm just the only reason elonics
engineering sure my bad my mixed doubles
partner would have a word with you if
you think it's elect I remember this
conversation um sorry Electronics
engineering uh but that's I mean that's
just the only reason why I'm even saying
that is because you're probably at least
somewhat interested in that due to the
career that you're in not because
they're necessarily even all that
related so I don't know would enhance
your abilities if you learned more for
sure you'd probably be on a leg up um
compared to other students in those
classes as well but yeah all right she's
wiped well I think that that's the bare
minimum she's wiped like a butt of
someone who hasn't bought a swipe bday
from LTT store.com yet hey disgusting
it's like
animals can you imagine it's like the
three
seashells toilet toilet paper yuck all
right good chat see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel bye it's
time for they're just movies are they
here I have no idea they're coming back
from abbottford oh wow that's why they
went there I don't know cargo kill I
think it's the premium
theater oh okay how come they get one is
there anything abbottford has premium
things when did abbottford get like you
know to be a city uh manscape the ridge
symbolic